In from the Cold Until this week, only a few things about the strange, long-ago disappearance of Charles Robert Jenkins were known beyond a doubt. In the bitter cold of Jan. 5, 1965, the 24-year-old US Army sergeant was leading 
Freed hostages meet Karzai and smiled for photographers after discussing their captivity with him at his presidential palace in Kabul. Reporters were not allowed to ask questions, but Nayan said he was well and grateful for the support he received from home.
Peace Prize a well-deserved honour Sometimes what at first seems like a minor change can actually signal major shift in understanding. Last week, Kenyan deputy environment minister Wangari Maathai won the Nobel Peace Prize - a wonderful achievement for two reasons.
Iran Says Provisional Nuke Pact Reached Secretery of the Iranian Supreme National Security Council Hasan Rowhani,right, and China #39;s Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing, talk during their meeting in Tehran, on Saturday Nov. 6, 2004.
Will More Power for Intelligence Chief Mean Better Results? Congress is close to approving a broad intelligence overhaul, but the changes that will matter most still lie ahead.
Florida Downs Kentucky As Jeanne Nears GAINESVILLE, Fla. - With Hurricane Jeanne approaching, Florida squeezed in its game against Kentucky and beat the Wildcats 20-3 Saturday behind Ciatrick Fason's career-high 210 yards rushing and two touchdowns...
Militants kidnap three foreigners in Kabul Islamic militants claim they are holding three foreign election workers kidnapped Thursday from a UN vehicle in the Afghan capital of Kabul.
Sudan Rebels Hand Over 20 Prisoners of War  DERIBAT, Sudan (Reuters) - Darfur rebels from the Sudan  Liberation Army (SLA) handed over 20 prisoners of war to the  African Union (AU) on Tuesday in a move the rebels said was in  line with peace deals they signed with Khartoum last week.
Fallujah Delegation Suspends Peace Talks BAGHDAD, Iraq - A delegation from the insurgent stronghold Fallujah suspended peace talks with the government Thursday because of Prime Minister Ayad Allawi's "impossible" demand to hand over terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the city spokesman said.    Allawi warned Wednesday that Fallujah must surrender al-Zarqawi and other foreign fighters or face military attack...
US deaths in Iraq The Defense Department has released the names of the following service members who recently died in Iraq. As of Thursday, 1,086 members of the US military have died since the war began in March 2003.
Fan mayhem over South Korean heartthrob at Tokyo hotel leaves 9 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A sudden frenzy erupted among fans of South Korean soap opera star Bae Yong-joon as he left his Tokyo hotel in a car Friday, leaving nine Japanese women hurt and prompting an apology from Bae.
Two Burmese dissidents freed in release of 5,000 prisoners At least two Burmese dissidents are among thousands of prisoners being freed by the military government in a third mass release in less than a month.
Arab League to hold emergency meeting The Arab League says it will hold an emergency session to discuss the violence in Gaza, which has claimed at least 56 Palestinians this week.
Putin opens new military base in Tajikistan Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Tajik counterpart raised a Russian flag Sunday at a newly established permanent base for Moscow #39;s forces in this former Soviet republic, staking Russia #39;s claim for continued influence in 
US Welcomes End of Najaf Standoff, Criticizes Syria #39;s Role in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage is welcoming Friday #39;s end of the three-week occupation of the Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf by Shi #39;ite militiamen as a great victory for Iraq #39;s interim government.
Lawmaker: White House Key to U.S. Intelligence Reform (Reuters) Reuters - The Republican chairman of the\Senate Intelligence Committee on Sunday blamed the White House\and Pentagon for resisting intelligence reform and gave the\U.S. Congress a failing grade for not passing legislation.
Sadr Militia Still Controls Iraq Shrine -- Witnesses  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi'ite fighters appeared to be in  control of a holy shrine in Najaf Friday hours after Iraq's  interim government said it had overcome a bloody uprising by  seizing the Imam Ali mosque without a shot being fired.
Paisley breaks with Dublin on IRA disarmament DUBLIN -- Northern Ireland's major Protestant party broke off relations with the Irish government yesterday after Prime Minister Bertie Ahern indicated he had accepted the IRA's refusal to provide photographs of disarmament.
Sudan deploys additional 2,000 policemen in Darfur KHARTOUM, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- The Sudanese government said on Tuesday that it has deployed another 2,000 policemen in Darfur to secure the situation in the area under an agreement with the United Nations. 
Russian Expects Vote on Kyoto Treaty (AP) AP - Russia's parliament is moving toward a vote this month on the Kyoto Protocol, action that could bring the international treaty on climate change into effect after years of delay, the deputy prime minister said Monday.
Italian Hostages in Iraq Released DOHA, September 28 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - The hostage crisis in Iraq saw a breakthrough Tuesday, September 28, as the two Italian female hostages in Iraq have been released, hours after three others, including an Egyptian, were also freed.
Alaskans to Vote on Legalizing Marijuana (Reuters) Reuters - Voters in Alaska will decide on\Tuesday whether to make their state the first in the country to\legalize the sale, possession or use of marijuana by adults.
Asthma risk set during pregnancy The chances of a child developing asthma or other allergies may largely be fixed by the time they are born, research suggests.
Scuffle feeds Harry #39;s party boy image Prince Harry has long been known as the wilder of Prince Charles #39; and the late Princess Diana #39;s two handsome sons, smoking marijuana, drinking while still underage and frequenting London #39;s trendiest nightclubs.
Straw hopeful as he visits Arafat #39;s grave JACK Straw, the Foreign Secretary, visited the grave of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat yesterday at the end of a two-day trip to Israel and the West Bank to help revive the Middle East peace process.
NATO, Russia to Boost Anti-Terror Cooperation  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO and Russia Tuesday agreed to  boost cooperation in the fight against terrorism after a spate  of attacks on Russian soil including the Beslan school siege  that ended with at least 335 deaths.
2 Abducted Italian Women Freed in Iraq After 3 Weeks Two Italian women held hostage in Iraq for three weeks were freed today, Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy announced.
Evacuations for Ivan Urged on Gulf Coast PENSACOLA, Fla. - Rather than roll the dice on where 160-mph Hurricane Ivan might strike, Gulf Coast residents from Florida's Panhandle all the way to the bayous of Louisiana spent Monday boarding up their houses, tying up their boats and making plans to evacuate...
Bush Seeks to Build on His Education Base (AP) AP - President Bush is ready to shift his education focus to older students, building on the law he pushed through before terrorism and war came to define his presidency.
Soldiers killed in border attack AN armed group killed six Venezuelan Army troops and an engineer in an ambush along the Colombian border, Defence Minister Jorge Garcia Carneiro said today.
Qantas #39; Jetstar Asia lifts off for a long haul future QANTAS chief Geoff Dixon is confident the new low cost Asian airline launched yesterday in Singapore will last the disance. Qantas owns 49 per cent of Jetstar Asia, a sister airline to Jetstar Australia, along 
Haiti ex-rebel head cleared of murder PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- A jury yesterday acquitted a leader of a paramilitary group accused of killing thousands, after a 14-hour murder trial that angered human rights groups and provoked criticism of the new US-backed government.
Intel Officer Pleads Guilty in Abu Ghraib Case Description: Army Spec. Armin Cruz pleads guilty to maltreatment of prisoners and conspiracy to maltreat prisoners in a hearing related to the Abu Ghraib prison-abuse scandal.
Boy held hostage in Iraq is freed Kidnappers in Iraq have freed a seven-year-old boy a week after seizing him while on his way to school.
UN 'optimistic' over aid effort The UN's emergency aid chief says he is optimistic the world will meet the challenges of the tsunami disaster.
Australia named in al-Qaeda tape A TAPED message thought to be from al-Qaeda #39;s second in command has urged young Muslims to target Australian interests. The terror network #39;s deputy leader, Ayman al-Zawahri, is believed to be behind the recording, broadcast on Al-Jazeera television.
British Ex-Guantanamo Detainees Sue Rumsfeld (Reuters) Reuters - Four British former inmates of the\U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay sued Defense Secretary\Donald Rumsfeld and others Wednesday saying they were tortured\in violation of U.S. and international law.
Powell, Russian official in Ukraine clash SOFIA, Bulgaria -- The United States and Russia clashed yesterday at a European security forum over the crisis of Ukraine's disputed election, elevating an increasingly tense debate over democracy in former Soviet republics.
Japan Approves Visa for Ex-Taiwan Leader Japan has decided to issue a visa for former Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui to visit this year, a government spokesman said Thursday, a decision that could exacerbate tense relations with China.
Israel OKs more settlements Israel announced plans yesterday to build 533 new homes in the West Bank, increasing the number of permits to three times those allowed in the previous three years combined.
Now College Grads Can #39;t Find A Job If any student trying to enter the workforce in China should have an easy time finding a plum job, it #39;s Wang Zhaohui. In July, the 30-year-old graduated from China Agricultural University in Beijing -- China #39;s 
Indo-Pak talks: Do they offer any hope? India and Pakistani Foreign Ministers met in New Delhi for two days on September 5-6 to resolve outstanding bilateral disputes including the Kashmir dispute.
Cricket: Aussies still wary of India Australia captain Adam Gilchrist warns India could bounce back from defeat.
Buttiglione withdraws from Barroso Commission The Italian nominee had been heavily criticised for his alleged comments on gays, single parents and the role of men and women, and these led Commission president-designate Jose Manuel Barroso 
Afghan Refugees Vote in Pakistan, Iran (AP) AP - Afghan refugees thronged polling stations in Pakistan and Iran on Saturday to vote in their war-torn homeland's landmark presidential election  #151; undeterred by explosions at or near two refugee camps.
The Democrats' real problem (U.S. News   World Report) U.S. News   World Report - What a difference a couple of weeks make. Polling during and just after the Republican National Convention, Time and Newsweek have George W. Bush ahead of John Kerry 52 to 41 percent. Post-convention polls show Bush ahead 52 to 45 percent (CNN/ USA Today /Gallup), 49 to 42 percent (CBS), 47 to 43 percent (Fox News), and 52 to 43 percent (ABC/ Washington Post ). Post-convention polls in battleground states show similar results. ...
Benitez confirms Morientes interest (AFP) AFP - Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has confirmed the English Premiership club's desire to bring Real Madrid striker Fernando Morientes to Anfield during the January transfer window.
Bhopal Marks Anniversary with Candlelight Vigil  BHOPAL, India (Reuters) - It was midnight when gas began to  leak from a Bhopal factory and killed thousands as they slept  in central India 20 years ago.
Court Orders Record Payout for Guatemala Massacre  GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - An international court has  ordered Guatemala to pay a record sum of almost \$8 million in  compensation to survivors of a 1982 army-led massacre of  hundreds of civilians in the country's Maya Indian heartland.
Six British soldiers feared dead in chopper crash Six British armed forces personnel are feared dead after a helicopter crashed while on exercises in the Czech Republic. Reports suggest that a British Army Air Corps Lynx helicopter crashed near Brno in the 
Americans Should Push For Strong, Political Response to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The essence of genocide, under international law, is the intentional physical destruction of a group; the intent can be to destroy the group in whole or in substantial part.
Ganguly is suspect against short ball, says Waugh (Reuters) Reuters - Former Australia captain Steve Waugh says India skipper Saurav Ganguly is suspect against the short ball.
'Sex and the City' Star Switches Roles NEW YORK - "Sex and the City" has taken on a whole new meaning for Cynthia Nixon. The actress, who just won an Emmy for her role as Miranda Hobbes in the hit HBO comedy, is in a relationship with another woman, a source who works with Nixon told The Associated Press on Friday...
Taking on Sadr City in a Nissan Pickup Monday's blast demonstrated the uneven vulnerability of U.S. forces, who are equipped with sophisticated weaponry and armor, and their Iraqi allies, who fight the same battles using inferior equipment.
India stocks hits new record highs; index above 6,400 points (AFP) AFP - Indian shares rose 1.21 percent to close at a new record high after aggressive foreign fund buying on prospects of strong economic growth and amid regional gains, dealers said.
Despair and Anger in Small Russian Town After Siege (Reuters) Reuters - The killing of more than 320\children, parents and teachers during the bloody end to a\53-hour school siege left barely a family untouched in the\small Russian town of Beslan.
Fed Panel Presses Gulf War Illness Aid (AP) AP - A federal panel that has spent two years reviewing studies of Gulf War illnesses recommends focusing future research on the effects of the toxic substances that veterans encountered during the 1991 conflict.
'Armies of Darkness' Won't Stop Vote, Iraq's Yawar Says (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's interim president told George W.\Bush at the White House Monday that the "armies of darkness"\would not stop Iraqis voting next month, even though there is\no let up in insurgents' efforts to wreck the election.
U.S. Goods Face Penalties Oked by WTO (AP) AP - The World Trade Organization imposed penalties Friday on U.S. exports ranging from apples to textiles, escalating a trade dispute the Bush administration has struggled to defuse by unsuccessfully urging Congress to repeal legislation aimed at protecting American steelmakers.
Pakistan, Afghanistan vow to curb terrorism as Karzai meets Musharraf (AFP) AFP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai met with Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf for talks on eradicating Al-Qaeda and Taliban fighters from their common border, a key issue in his bid for re-election.
Israeli FM minister heads to Paris to discuss Jewish attacks JERUSALEM, Aug 24 (AFP) - An Israeli cabinet minister hailed the French government #39;s stance on anti-Semitism Tuesday as Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom headed to Paris for talks on a growing spate of attacks on Europe #39;s largest Jewish community.
Suharto party to elect new leader Indonesia's largest party is electing its new leader in Bali in what is one of the most critical periods in its history.
Japan Families Vent Anger At N. Korea The families of Japanese kidnapped decades ago by North Korean agents lashed out at the secretive communist state on Monday, saying it had lied about the fate of their loved ones.
EU Makes Final Nuke Offer to Iran Thursday-Diplomats Officials from France, Britain and Germany will meet Iran #39;s top nuclear negotiator in Vienna on Thursday to offer Tehran a final chance to halt uranium enrichment plans or face possible UN sanctions, diplomats say.
French lawyer asks Red Cross to look into reports of Saddam &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS A French lawyer is asking the Red Cross to check into reports that Saddam Hussein has begun a hunger strike. The attorney says he represents Saddam and that there are indications from Iraq that the former 
Flash Floods in Northeastern India Kill at Least 26 Indian officials say at least 26 people have drowned in flooding in the northeastern state of Assam. The officials say the deaths occurred in the state #39;s western Goalpara district near the border with Bangladesh.
Afghan President Escapes Attack Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai was forced to cancel a trip to a provincial capital after a rocket hit near the landing site for his helicopter.
India weightlifters test positive Pratima Kumari and Sanamacha Chanu become the first Indians to fail a drugs test at an Olympics competition.
Shining Path leader faces retrial Abimael Guzman, ex-leader of Peru's Shining Path rebels, faces retrial in a civilian court 12 years after his capture.
BABY CHARLOTTE: VERDICT:  #39;SHE CAN MEET HER END IN THE TLC OF THOSE &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE judge who ruled sick baby Charlotte Wyatt must be allowed to die said she should do so with dignity in her parents #39; arms. Mr Justice Hedley told the anguished couple it was in their 11-month 
Kerry causing unrest in Haiti As a former longtime resident of the Bellville area, I want to enlighten you on what Sen. John Kerry #39;s leadership can cause. I have been living in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, for eight years with my family.
Bush Declares Genocide in Sudan's Darfur  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States declared on  Thursday that the violence in Sudan's Darfur region amounted to  genocide and urged the world to back an expanded African  peacekeeping force to halt the bloodshed.
Court reins in Aussie unions #39; right to strike SYDNEY - Australia #39;s High Court has ruled that trade unions cannot take industrial action over political, social or environmental issues.
Into the abyss Where freedom was promised, chaos and carnage now reign. A suicide bomber in a car blows himself up in the heart of Baghdad killing 13 people.
Chilean groups condemn torture payout plan Human rights groups said the proposed compensation for those tortured under Chile #39;s former military regime isn #39;t enough, La Tercera reported Tuesday.
Bomb Found on Island Hours after Blair Visit Police defused a bomb near Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa in Sardinia early today shortly after Tony and Cherie Blair ended a visit to the Italian leader. 
Egyptian firm imposes blackout on Iraq hostages (AFP) AFP - Egypt's telecom group Orascom said it was imposing a news blackout to ensure the safety of two kidnapped engineers held hostage in Iraq.
US battles to protect Afghan election US-led forces trying to protect landmark Afghan elections face a rising wave of violence from about 2,000 insurgents, including al-Qaida militants slipping in from Pakistan, an American general said Saturday.
Bleak outlook for Cambodian gem diggers as mining firms move in (AFP) AFP - In the search for riches beyond the dreams of most Cambodians, hundreds of gem diggers plunge daily down dangerous hand-built shafts hunting for amethysts and zircons.
Blood, knives, cage hint at atrocities (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - Acting on information from a man who claimed to have escaped from militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's network, the U.S. military over the weekend inspected a house where intelligence officers believe hostages were detained, tortured and possibly killed.
Harry hurries back home after attack LONDON, Nov. 26. - Prince Harry arrived home from Argentina today amid media reports that shots were fired at the ranch where he was staying.
Wal-Mart Sales Slump Sends Stocks Sliding NEW YORK - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s warning of disappointing sales sent stocks lower Monday, as investors' concerns about a slowing economy offset their relief over a drop in oil prices.    October contracts for a barrel of light crude were quoted at \$46.58, down 14 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange...
Ex-dancer crowned new Cambodia king Norodom Sihamoni was crowned yesterday as Cambodia #39;s first new king in 50 years, in ornate ceremonies that formally ended the reign of one of Asia #39;s longest-serving and best-known rulers.
Lebanon Cleric Doubtful on Iraq Elections (AP) AP - Lebanon's most senior Shiite Muslim cleric is voicing doubts about holding national elections in Iraq, a major departure from his Iraqi colleagues who support the vote.
German Unemployment Rises in November (AP) AP - Germany's unemployment rate rose to 10.3 percent in November as the country's economy continued to plod along with near-zero growth, the government said.
Hu unlikely to ease up on Taiwan and HK: analysts President Hu Jintao (  ) could ease China #39;s hardline stance on Taiwan and Hong Kong now that his predecessor Jiang Zemin (  ) has retired but major policy changes are unlikely, analysts said yesterday.
Antibiotic hope for Parkinson's \An antibiotic used to treat leprosy and tuberculosis is showing promise as a therapy for Parkinson's disease.
Iran test fires longer-range missile TEHRAN - Iran said Wednesday it had test fired a more accurate version of its Shahab-3 missile, believed capable of hitting American bases in the Persian Gulf and Israel.
Insurgents Slaughter 11 Iraqi Soldiers (AP) AP - Insurgents slaughtered 11 Iraqi soldiers, beheading one, then shooting the others execution-style, and declared on an Islamic militant Web site Thursday that Iraqi fighters will avenge "the blood" of women and children killed in U.S. strikes on the guerrilla stronghold of Fallujah.
Edwards Appeals to Women on Terror Issue (AP) AP - Vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Tuesday sought to blunt growing support for President Bush among women voters and others concerned about national security by campaigning with a Sept. 11 widow in two states that suffered losses in the terrorist attacks.
Iran issues nuclear warning could take drastic steps if the talks did not proceed as Tehran wants. Mehr news agency quoted him as saying on Wednesday. that could be used 
Poland sets pullout from Iraq in 2005 BERLIN In a surprise announcement, Poland said Monday that it would withdraw its troops from Iraq by the end of 2005, leaving the US-led multinational forces the task of finding replacements to fill a crucial security role in south-central Iraq.
Kurds say changes merely gesture by Turkey for EU ILICA, Turkey -- For the past nine years, Osman Acar, his two wives, and 22 children have spent most nights inside an 18-by-15-foot tent pitched outside this remote village in the mountains separating Turkey from Iraq.
India, Pakistan approve key proposals ahead of ministers #39; meeting NEW DELHI : Top Indian and Pakistani officials approved proposals to break the impasse over Kashmir and strengthen ties on the eve of a meeting between the rival states #39; foreign ministers.
Thais look to sky for hope THE Thai military turned to the power of origami yesterday in its attempt to bring peace to the countrys restive south. Air force planes dropped 100 million paper birds over the area, where fighting between 
Botswana elections to hand victory to party in power since &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GABORONE : Voters went to the polls in diamond-rich Botswana in elections that are expected to hand victory to the party in power since independence in 1966 in one of Africa #39;s most stable countries.
Israel, Palestinians Seek Deal to End Gaza Fighting  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel and the Palestinian Authority  are trying to work out a deal to end the army's Gaza offensive  in return for stopping militants firing rockets into the Jewish  state, Israeli security sources said Tuesday.
Pakistani officials downplay Marriot Hotel blast ISN SECURITY WATCH (29/10/2004) - A powerful explosion on Tuesday in the lobby of the Pakistani capitals five-star Marriott Hotel injured 10 people, including a US diplomat and three Italian nationals.
Singapore Rejects U.S. Sex Slavery Charges  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore has questioned a U.S.  government assessment that it has become a sex slave center and  asked Washington to back its charges with evidence.
UN Security Council adopts watered-down Sudan resolution UNITED NATIONS -- The UN Security Council on Saturday adopted a resolution threatening to  quot;consider quot; sanctions against Sudan and establishing a UN commission of inquiry to investigate atrocities in Darfur, Sudan, and to determine whether Sudanese 
Iran: U.N. Uranium Program Ban 'Illegal' (AP) AP - Iran on Sunday denounced as "illegal" demands from the U.N. atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment  #151; a technology that can be used for nuclear weapons  #151; and threatened to limit cooperation with the agency if it moves toward sanctions.
Bush to Sign Tax Cut Bill in Iowa WASHINGTON - Just in time for the election, President Bush is going to one of the most contested states to sign his fourth tax cut in four years.    The White House is holding the signing ceremony Monday at a YMCA in Des Moines, Iowa - a Democratic area of a state that Bush lost by a razor-thin margin in 2000...
Doctors work to save Haiti storm survivors With no electricity or running water and short of basics like antibiotics, doctors in makeshift clinics are fighting to save survivors of Tropical Storm Jeanne -ven 
Bush ahead in swing states, will defeat Kerry: Karl Rove (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush will defeat his Democratic rival, John Kerry, in the November 2 election because he is leading in the polls in the key US swing states, the president's top political adviser said in an interview.
Australia is unlikely to sign nonaggression pact with Asean Prime Minister John Howard said Friday he is unlikely to sign a nonaggression pact with Australia #39;s Asian neighbors. The issue is reportedly causing tension ahead of Howard #39;s visit 
Bullish Ford Outlook Nudges Stocks Higher NEW YORK - A bullish profit outlook from Ford Motor Co. sent stocks moderately higher Friday as investors looked past a disappointing report on consumer sentiment and a big rise in oil prices...
U.S.-Led Forces Thrust Towards Central Falluja  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces thrust at least  one km (half a mile) into rebel-held Falluja on Tuesday and  were not far from the Iraqi city's heart, residents and an  Iraqi army officer said.
Pakistan shells Waziristan school Pakistani troops attack a religious school in South Waziristan thought to house foreign al-Qaeda suspects.
 quot;Good relations quot; established with new Indian Govt: Zia : World News  gt; Dhaka, Oct 10 : Bangladesh Prime Minister Khaleda Zia today said her country has established  quot;good relations quot; with India after the change of power in New Delhi and hoped all bilateral problems would be resolved.
Japan, US agree on missile defence cooperation Tokyo, Dec. 17 (VNA) - Japan and the United States signed an agreement on Friday that stipulates the details of bilateral cooperation on a ballistic missile defence system, according to Kyodo news service.
Film-maker is murdered for his art A DIRECTOR who outraged Muslims with a film about an abusive arranged marriage was murdered in the street yesterday. Theo van Gogh, 47, the great-grand nephew of the 19th century painter 
Chinese police round up petitioners as party meeting enters third day (AFP) AFP - Police have rounded up more than 300 people from a squatter area in southern Beijing where petitioners from all over China have been staying as a key Communist Party meeting convened for a third day Saturday, witnesses say.
Video of execution of British hostage appears on Internet A video showing British hostage in Iraq, Kenneth Bigley, being beheaded has appeared on the Internet. The news comes amid reports that the engineer made a brief escape, possibly with the help of British intelligence services.
Palestinians plan elections within 60 days to pick Arafat #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei pledged Saturday that presidential elections would be held within 60 days to replace late leader Yasser Arafat, while the Palestinian 
Blair challenged on troops move Tony Blair faces demands for a Commons vote on whether UK forces should provide back-up for the US in Iraq.
Hurricane Ivan Devastates Grenada ST. GEORGE #39;S, Grenada Sept. 8, 2004 - Hurricane Ivan made a direct hit on Grenada, killing at least three people as it turned concrete homes into piles of rubble and hurled the island #39;s landmark red zinc roofs through the air.
U.S. Arrests Two in Hamas Financing Case  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. officials have arrested two men  whom they accuse of funneling money to the Palestinian militant  group Hamas for the past 15 years, the Justice Department said  on Friday.
Twins Clinch Third Straight Division Title CHICAGO - If the Minnesota Twins couldn't win the AL Central title at home, Chicago was the next-best place for a party. Torii Hunter and Corey Koskie each hit a two-run homer in the first inning, and the Twins clinched their third straight division crown on their main rivals' home turf, beating the Chicago White Sox 8-2 Monday night...
Surge of Baghdad Violence Leaves 59 Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents hammered central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar and rocket barrages ever in the heart of the capital, heralding a day of violence that killed nearly 60 people nationwide as security appeared to spiral out of control.    At least 37 people were killed in Baghdad alone...
Investigators excavate mass graves in Iraq Investigators have begun to excavate at the site of a mass grave in northern Iraq which is believed to contain up to 300 bodies. The site at Hatra, south of Mosul, is believed to contain the bodies of Kurdish 
Iran condemns bomb attack in Indonesia Tehran (IRNA) -- Foreign Ministry spokesman Hamid-Reza Asefi condemned here Thursday the deadly car bombing attack outside Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta that killed and injured innocent people.
Thai chief is beheaded in revenge for Muslim deaths A VILLAGE chief in southern Thailand was beheaded in retaliation for the death last week of more than 80 Muslims involved in a protest.
To the beat of drums, African woman receives Nobel Peace Prize The first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize, environmental activist Wangari Maathai, received her award Friday to the beat of drums and 
EU #39;s Prodi Says No Special Conditions for Turkey The European Commission will not set special conditions for Turkey when it decides Wednesday whether to recommend opening membership talks with Ankara, Commission President Romano Prodi said Tuesday.
Afghan soldiers storm jail to end standoff with inmates Afghan troops stormed a notorious prison Friday in an assault aimed at ending a standoff sparked by a bloody escape attempt by four 
16 Killed in Venezuelan Plane Crash A Venezuelan military plane crashed in a mountainous region near Caracas on Friday, killing 16 poeple, including high-ranking officers, a top government official said.
Iranians, Europeans Meet on Nuclear Deal After five days of intense internal deliberations, Iranian officials met with European envoys here Thursday to seek "clarifications" on a proposed deal that would require Tehran to indefinitely suspend a pivotal aspect of its nuclear energy program that could be converted to military use, Western diplomatic sources here said.
Opel managers and workers reps to meet, stoppages set to continue (AFP) AFP - Managers and workers representatives at German car maker Opel are set to meet Monday after a weekend vigil by employees protesting against the plans of parent company General Motors to cut thousands of jobs.
Piece of shrapnel still lodged in girl #39;s brain A PIECE of shrapnel remains lodged in the brain of the five-year-old girl badly hurt in Thursday #39;s Jakarta bombing, and her doctors said she was almost certain to be paralysed.
Trial of alleged terror chief Bashir to continue: judge? (Updated &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An Indonesian court Thursday dismissed defense arguments that the trial of alleged Southeast Asian terror chief Abu Bakar Bashir was illegal, and ordered that proceedings against him should continue.
Activists Storm Parliament in Rebel Georgia Region  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Supporters of a candidate in a disputed  election in Georgia's separatist Abkhazia region stormed  government buildings on Friday and one protester was killed in  the melee, Russian media reported.
US hits Mosul The US military attacked rebel targets in Mosul with air and ground fire yesterday after an upsurge in violence in the northern Iraqi city.
S. Korean leaders congratulate Bush SEOUL - South Korean leaders marked President Bushs re-election by sending congratulatory messages Thursday and expressing their hope of furthering the progress in bilateral relations in the past two years.
AdWatch: Bush Touts Job Creation in TV Ad (AP) AP - Details of a new television ad from President Bush that begins airing this week:
Kuwaitis Get Apology From Palestinians KUWAIT CITY Dec 12, 2004 - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas apologized to Kuwaitis on Sunday for the Palestinians #39; support of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein after the 1990 invasion of Kuwait, making a gesture many here have long demanded as he 
Japan #39;s Princess Sayako to marry Tokyo government official Japan #39;s Princess Sayako, the only daughter of Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, plans to marry a 39-year-old Tokyo metropolitan government official early next year, media reports said Sunday.
Putin ratifies accord with EU Russian President Vladimir Putin has ratified a pact with the EU, extending a standing trade agreement with the bloc to its 10 new members, a presidency statement said on Saturday.
Florida Candidate Calls for Bipartisanship (AP) AP - The nation's leaders need to put aside partisan labels to help Florida recover from the devastation of three major hurricanes during the past month, Democratic Senate candidate Betty Castor said Saturday.
Palestinian leader Arafat dies at 75 PARIS -- Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died early today at a French military hospital where he had lingered in a coma between life and death for the last week. He was 75.
WILL PUTIN PARDON BUDANOV? Governor of the Ulyanovsk Region General Vladimir Shamanov, former commander of the 58th Caucasian Army, has signed an appeal for a pardon of his former subordinate, Colonel Yuri Budanov.
Appeals Panel Hears Arguments in Leak Inquiry A three-judge panel heard arguments on whether two journalists should be jailed for refusing to name their confidential sources to a grand jury, and it seemed to reject their main argument, based on the First Amendment.
After Arafat In his press conference last Thursday, President Bush said people who don #39;t believe in the applicability of democracy to the Arab world cannot really believe in a two-state solution to the Palestinian conflict with Israel.
Queen Elizabeth praises Germany #39;s achievements POTSDAM, Germany Queen Elizabeth II opened a conference on climate change Wednesday and praised the progress made by Germany #39;s formerly communist East.
Iraq Militants Behead Turk, Iraqi -Jazeera TV (Reuters) Reuters - An Islamic militant group said it had\beheaded a Turkish contractor and his Iraqi translator in Iraq\for working with U.S. forces there, Al Jazeera television\reported on Monday.
Foreign minister visits N Korea Foreign Office minister Bill Rammell is travelling to North Korea - the first visit to the country by a British minister.
Arabs remind Bush of Mideast peace commitment Arab governments have reminded US President George W. Bush of his commitment to Middle East diplomacy, in the hope a second Bush administration will pay more attention to one of their top priorities.
Charges over Sudan 'coup plot' Some 28 people are charged with trying to overthrow Sudan's President Bashir, reports say.
Nearly half European birds species at risk threatened that they may disappear soon due to intensive agriculture and climate change, scientists say.  quot;The number of bird species in trouble across Europe is rising, quot; said BirdLife, a British-based conservation group.
SAVED FROM DEATH #39;S JAWS ..BY DOLPHINS DOLPHINS herded four swimmers together then scared off a great white shark which had moved in for the kill. The 10ft predator circled as lifeguard Ron Howes, his daughter Niccy, 15, and two of her friends took a dip.
It #39;s the Occupation, Stupid Four years ago on Sept. 28, 2000, when Ariel Sharon made his operatic visit to the Temple Mount, no one could have predicted how dire the situation would become so quickly: close to 6,000 dead; the building 
Bosnia refugee returns reach one million - UN One million Bosnians, about 45 percent of those who fled during the 1992-5 war, have returned to their homes, the UN refugee agency said on Tuesday.
Chinese Premier Pledges Reunification with Taiwan (Reuters) Reuters - Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao pledged to\reunify the mainland with the island of Taiwan, vowing to\contain forces intent on independence for the island to ensure\the sacred goal of national unity.
IAEA: Confidence in Iran #39;s Nuclear Program Has Eroded The International Atomic Energy Agency says Iran has exempted some centrifuges from its commitment to freeze uranium enrichment and lacks trustworthiness because of past concealment and delays in disclosing information.
Iraq blasts mar Muslim holy feast Insurgents in Iraq carry out a series of bomb attacks to coincide with the start of the holy month of Ramadan.
Myanmar among new Asia-Europe forum members An Asia-Europe forum has accepted Myanmar and 12 other new members ahead of a summit strained by Yangon #39;s human rights record and detention of democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi.
Ivan Rattles Gulf Coast, Leaves 33 Dead PENSACOLA, Fla. - The storm that was Hurricane Ivan extended its deadly march across the South on Friday, destroying homes, swamping streets and leaving hundreds of thousands of people without power from the Gulf Coast to the Carolinas...
Terror attacks in Iraq aimed at impeding Bush #39;s reelection: Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin, who is in Tajik capital of Dushanbe on a visit, said Monday that the terrorist attacks in Iraq were aimed at preventing US President George W. Bush from being reelected.
Blast at Market in Southern Philippines Kills 13  MANILA (Reuters) - A huge explosion rocked the southern  Philippine city of General Santos on Sunday, killing 13 people  and injuring at least 60 at a public market, police and  witnesses said.
US, Iraqis launch attacks in Falluja American troops and Iraqi special forces launched a major operation in Falluja late Thursday aimed at disrupting future attacks by insurgents who control the volatile city, the US military said.
Child healthcare goals to be set The government is set to unveil standards for the healthcare of children and adolescents on Wednesday.
Strong quake hits western Japan An earthquake with a magnitude of 6.8 shakes western Japan, reportedly making tall buildings sway in Tokyo.
Iran refuses to surrender nuclear fuel technology Iran said Sunday it has already acquired the sensitive technology to produce its own nuclear fuel and that it would be  quot;irrational quot; to agree to surrender such a capability in exchange for supplies from overseas.
Al-Sadr Calls for End of Fighting in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr called on Monday for his followers across Iraq to end fighting against U.S. and Iraqi forces, an al-Sadr aide said...
Judge Questions Md. Vote Chief's Ouster (AP) AP - A judge who will decide whether Maryland's top elections official may keep her job on Friday questioned the attempt by the State Board of Elections to fire her, wondering how it might affect the November vote.
Kohl blames greed for disunity with east economic troubles still plaguing reunited Germany on the 15th anniversary of the Berlin Wall #39;s collapse. the Wall fell, also admitted in a public debate he had made errors that were contributing 
Britain backs assault on Fallujah, dismisses UN warnings LONDON, Nov 6 (AFP) - Britain said a US-led assault on the city of Fallujah was needed to uproot insurgents who could derail elections in Iraq, dismissing UN warnings such an offensive would actually undermine chances for democracy.
Japan to protest to China over intruder submarine A submarine that intruded into waters off Japan earlier this week has been identified as Chinese, Japan #39;s top government spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda said on Friday, adding that Tokyo would protest to Beijing.
Commandos set to storm Mosul MOSUL: Iraqi commandos backed by US troops were preparing to storm insurgent strongholds in the city of Mosul yesterday as US-led forces continued their bid to clear the city of rebels.
Clinton Gets Hearty Campaign 'Welcome Back' (Reuters) Reuters - Former U.S. President Bill\Clinton, just seven weeks after heart surgery, received a\rousing welcome back to the campaign trail on Monday at a rally\to rev up core Democratic support before next week's election.
Grenade at Sri Lanka Concert Kills Two A grenade exploded at a concert of Indian movie stars and entertainers in Sri Lanka #39;s capital Saturday, killing at least two people and injuring 15, officials said.
HAMAS FIEND SURRENDERS IN HIS SKIVVIES JERUSALEM - A terrorist commander who had sent homicide bombers to blow themselves up surrendered meekly in his underwear yesterday after Israeli paratroopers surrounded his West Bank hideout.
Thai king in southern peace plea The king of Thailand appeals for the military and police to work together to restore peace in Thailand's south.
Iraq's Sadr Declines to Meet Najaf Peace Delegation  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's radical cleric Moqtada  al-Sadr refused on Tuesday to meet a delegation of Iraqi  political and religious leaders who want him to call off his  uprising in the holy city of Najaf and other areas.
Israeli killed in W Bank shooting An Israeli man has been shot dead in a drive-by shooting in the northern West Bank, security officials say.
British press raps Chirac for Iraq comments, eyes positive future LONDON - British newspapers rapped French President Jacques Chirac on Thursday for reopening old wounds over Iraq on the eve of an official visit to Britain, but looked ahead to improved relations between the two European powers.
2 Marines From Woodbridge, Baltimore Area Killed in Iraq  Two Marines with ties to the Washington region were killed last week in Iraq, the Pentagon said.
Sadr City Erupts Anew BAGHDAD, 8 September 2004 - Fierce fighting between followers of Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr and US forces in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City yesterday killed at least 37 people, including two American soldiers, and injured over 200.
IRS: Rose Owes Nearly \$1M in Unpaid Taxes MIAMI - Pete Rose is back in trouble with the Internal Revenue Service, which says the baseball great owes nearly \$1 million in unpaid taxes.    The IRS filed a federal tax lien in Broward County on Tuesday alleging that baseball's all-time hits king owes \$973,693.28 in back taxes from 1997 to 2002...
Vancouver votes in record numbers, rejects ward-based electoral system (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - Vancouver residents took to the polls in record numbers Saturday and voted not to adopt a ward system used by every other major Canadian city to elect its municipal politicians.
Too early to expect S. Korea #39;s referral to UN Security Council Astana - Seoul, November. 12 KAZINFORM -- A ranking South Korean official on Friday argued it was too early to assume the country will be referred to the UN Security Council for its past nuclear experiments.
UN urges aid for tsunami orphans The UN highlights the plight of children orphaned by the tsunami disaster, some of whose lives are at risk.
Smoking killing millions globally \Smoking killed almost 5 million people around the world in 2000, researchers have calculated.
ISRAELIS ARREST 2 BOMB GALS JERUSALEM - Two Palestinian women planning to carry out homicide bombings were arrested in the last two days, and Israeli forces are conducting a massive search for a third, officials said yesterday.
Belgian PM in Car Crash Belgian prime minister Guy Verhofstadt is recovering in hospital today, after his chauffeur-driven car crashed into a concrete pillar near his home and overturned several times.
Kenyan sues over 'HIV sacking' A woman is allowed to bring Kenya's first lawsuit for alleged discrimination for being HIV positive.
3 Arrested in Suspected Plot to Attack Iraqi Prime Minister German police today arrested three Iraqis who the chief federal prosecutor said appeared to have been planning an attack on Prime Minister Ayad Allawi of Iraq, here for talks with Chancellor Gerhard Schrder.
Japan quake survivors face aftershocks OJIYA: Some 100,000 weary survivors of Japan #39;s deadliest earthquake in a decade have bedded down for a third night in makeshift shelters or slept outside as a series of strong aftershocks raised fears of another big tremor.
Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq UNITED NATIONS Sept. 21, 2004 - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country #39;s struggling government and said the 
Mystery Woman in Kerik Case: Nanny Little is known about the household employee at the center of the controversy enveloping Bernard B. Kerik, the former nominee for homeland security secretary.
Zimbabwe opposition to boycott elections until system changes Zimbabwe #39;s opposition party, the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) announced yesterday that it will boycott all future elections until President Robert Mugabe #39;s government changes its electoral system, ends state violence and repeals repressive media 
Media cheer downfall of Mugabe #39;s spin doctor The apparent demotion of Zimbabwe #39;s controversial Information Minister Jonathan Moyo in the ruling Zanu-PF party hierarchy has been greeted with cheers by the independent media who said he deserved to fall.
Bush and Kerry Put on a Lively Show (AP) AP - Friday's rematch between President Bush and John Kerry proved to be a livelier affair, and a more revealing show, than their first debate.
UK Muslims in Iraq on mercy mission A delegation from the Muslim Council of Britain has travelled to Baghdad to make a plea for the release of British captive Ken Bigley.
Summary: Faith in Democratic Iraq Slips (AP) AP - CONFIDENCE SLIPS  #151; Fewer than half of Americans, 47 percent, think it's likely Iraq will establish a stable, democratic government. In April, 55 percent said they believed such a government probably would be established.
Paes and Bhupathi beam in on Olympic glory (AFP) AFP - Indian pair Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi took another step nearer an elusive Olympic gold medal when they beat Zimbabwe's Wayne Black and Kevin Ullyett 6-4, 6-4 to reach the men's doubles semi-finals at the Olympic tennis tournament.
Taj Mahal Celebrates 350th Anniversary Ceremonies are planned near Agra, where the white marble monument to love was built in the 17th century as a tomb for emperor Shah Jahan #39;s most beloved wife.
Campaigning Bush plays up US diplomacy (AFP) AFP - Amid wilting election-year support for the military campaign in Iraq, US President George W. Bush is distancing himself from the go-it-alone "war president" image he once embraced with relish.
Talks to resume N. Ireland peace collapses No agreement has been reached in the negotiation between Northern Ireland #39;s Democratic Unionist Party, or DUP and its rival Sinn Fein, to resume peace talks.
Iraqi PM #39;s relatives kidnapped, face execution threat Two members of the Iraqi prime minister #39;s family were nabbed from their home in Baghdad, his spokesman said Wednesday. The kidnappers said they would execute them in two days if their demands are not met.
Reuters Poll: Kerry Trims Bush Lead to 2 Points (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry cut\President Bush's lead to 2 points with just over two weeks to\go before the Nov. 2 election, according to a Reuters/Zogby\poll released Sunday.
Pinochet charged with murder A Chilean judge has formally charged former dictator Augusto Pinochet with murder and kidnapping in one of many pending cases related to human rights abuses during his 17-year rule.
Brazil Raids Kroll Offices in Spy Probe Police raided the Brazilian offices of international security consultant Kroll Inc. and arrested five employees Wednesday in an investigation into allegations of illegal spying by Kroll during the company's probe of a nasty corporate dispute.
Massive blast at Jakarta embassy At least six have been killed after a huge explosion outside Australia's embassy in the Indonesian capital.
Bid to Block Naming of  #39;Coup Bankrollers #39; Lawyers today tried to block moves to unveil more of the supposed financial backers of the alleged coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.
Pakistan successfully test-fires nuclear capable missile Pakistan test-fired on Tuesday a medium-range ballistic missile capable of carrying nuclear warheads, part of the countrys efforts to enforce its defence, a military statement said.
Israeli settler pay approved, Sharon faces threats JERUSALEM - Israel #39;s security cabinet approved cash advances on Tuesday to entice Gaza settlers to evacuate their homes, as police investigated death threats against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sparked by his pullout plan.
National Guard Hands Over More Bush Papers (AP) AP - More than a week after a court-imposed deadline to turn over all records of President Bush's military service, the Texas Air National Guard belatedly produced two documents Tuesday that include Bush's orders for his last day of active duty in 1973.
Edwards to End Term With Farewell Tour (AP) AP - Democrat John Edwards is pondering his future as his tenure as a North Carolina senator winds down, but says even his campaign for vice president fit his view of public service.
Burial preparations in Ramallah underway Yasser Arafat, who suffered a brain haemorrhage at a Paris hospital, was in a deep coma, when a top Muslim cleric has rushed to his bedside.
Qureia condemns Tel Aviv attack Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia denounced Monday #39;s suicide attack in Tel Aviv, dismissing fears it might endanger Yasser Arafat #39;s return to Ramallah.
Death toll from northern Japan earthquakes reaches 24 A strong aftershock measuring 5.6 on the Richter scale jolted north Japan #39;s Niigata Prefecture Monday morning, leading the death toll from the three major quakes that hit the prefecture Saturday to reach 24, with more than 2,000 injured.
Protesters disrupt rallying call Prime Minister Tony Blair faced angry protests as he urged his party to set aside its differences over Iraq and seize the chance of an historic third term in power.
Landslide win for Cameroon leader Cameroon's President Paul Biya is re-elected with 75 of the vote, say officials, with just a results to come.
Alitalia Signs Agreement With Government (AP) AP - Italian airline Alitalia signed an agreement Wednesday with the government and labor unions over layoffs at the carrier, the final hurdle in long negotiations for ensuring the company's immediate survival.
Assam flash floods toll mounts to 70 GUWAHATI: Nine bodies were recovered in Assam #39;s Goalpara district on Sunday morning taking the death toll in the current flash floods in the state to 70, official sources said.
Israelis to Expand West Bank Settlements Description: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he is committed to dismantling Jewish settlements in Gaza. But Israel says it will continue to expand Jewish settlements in the West Bank, and cites the tacit approval of the Bush administration.
Ukraine Challenger Predicts Mass Cheating in Vote  KIEV (Reuters) - Liberal challenger Viktor Yushchenko  predicted on Friday that Ukrainian authorities would resort to  mass fraud to ensure victory for the establishment candidate in  an increasingly tense weekend presidential poll.
Spain Arrests 8th Person in Suspected Bomb Plot Spanish police Tuesday arrested an eighth suspected member of a radical Islamic cell believed to be plotting an attack on the High Court in Madrid.
German leader adopts Russian child MOSCOW -- Thousands of Russian children are adopted by foreigners every year -- but few go to such high-profile homes as the leader of Germany.
Tape of Bigley Decapitation Posted on Web BAGHDAD, Iraq - A videotape of the beheading of British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared Sunday on an Islamist Web site, showing the civil engineer pleading that he wanted "to live a simple life" moments before he was decapitated.    The nearly five-minute tape appeared two days after Bigley's family said it had proof that the 62-year-old civil engineer from Liverpool was dead...
Twelve dead, including nine British tourists, in Jordan bus accident (AFP) AFP - Twelve people, including nine British tourists, were killed when their bus overturned and crashed into a truck near the ancient city of Petra, a Jordanian official said.
Britain Proposes Debt Relief to Nations Britain will provide more debt relief for the world #39;s poorest countries and challenge other rich countries to do the same, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government said Sunday.
India #39;s decision on troop reduction cosmetic: Musharraf Islamabad, Nov. 20. (PTI): Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf today dismissed Indian government #39;s decision on the reduction of troops in Jammu and Kashmir as a  quot;cosmetic change quot; and not a strategic move that could help solve the Kashmir issue.
Kerry hints at possible 2008 White House run: reports (AFP) AFP - Defeated Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has hinted that he could make another run for the White House in 2008, press reports said.
Bush seeks to mend ties to Canada Working to mend the frayed relations between their countries, President Bush and Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada sought to project a unified front 
Hu: No more Yasukuni visits SANTIAGO, Chile-Chinese President Hu Jintao told Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi that his repeated visits to Yasukuni Shrine are the biggest obstacles to improving Japan-China relations.
Leaders Wish Castro Recovery From Fall (AP) AP - Presidents Luiz Inacio Lula Da Silva of Brazil, Nestor Kirchner of Argentina and Sam Nujoma of Namibia are among the heads of state who have sent get-well wishes to Fidel Castro since he broke his kneecap and arm in a fall, official media reported Saturday.
More than 10,000 Ivorians have fled to Liberia: UNHCR (AFP) AFP - More than 10,000 Ivorians have fled to Liberia since the sharp escalation in Ivory Coast's civil war 10 days ago, the UN refugee agency warned.
UN man backs Darfur autonomy The UN's refugee chief says Sudan should grant more autonomy to Darfur to try to end continuing violence.
After Dark, the Stuffed Animals Turn Creepy Overnight guards and scientists at the American Museum of Natural History often feel glassy eyes on them.
Stocks Edge Up on Tech-Sector Optimism NEW YORK - Optimism that the embattled technology sector was due for a recovery sent stocks modestly higher Monday despite a new revenue warning from semiconductor company Broadcom Inc.    While Broadcom, which makes chips for television set-top boxes and other electronics, said high inventories resulted in delayed shipments, investors were encouraged as it said future quarters looked brighter...
Sri Lanka attack raises tension Sinhalas and Tamils clash again in eastern Sri Lanka after a grenade attack on a bus leaves one person dead.
China iron mines fire kills 57 At least thirty-three miners have been killed in a fire broke out on Saturday morning at five iron mines in Shahe, North China #39;s Hebei Province.
Hungary Appoints New Prime Minister after Political Crisis BUDAPEST, HUNGARY (BosNewsLife) -- Hungarians prepared for a new political era Thursday, August 26, after the country #39;s ruling Socialists appointed Ferenc Gyurcsany, a flamboyant millionaire, as the new prime minister.
Fresh US troops arrive in Iraq, ex Gunmen assassinated Baghdad #39;s deputy governor on Monday, and voter registration for vital January elections began as fresh American soldiers arrived in the capital - reinforcements 
Peres Says Coalition Talks Could Be Resolved in Days  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli opposition leader Shimon  Peres said on Saturday coalition talks between his party and  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon could be resolved in days, a move  likely to avert snap elections and promote a Gaza pullout.
French president: Britain got little for supporting US in Iraq? &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Britain got very little in return for supporting the US-led invasion of Iraq, and US policies make it all but impossible for anyone to act as a bridge between Washington and Europe, French President Jacques Chirac said in an interview published Tuesday.
South Korea's Roh to showcase Russia's regional ambitions (AFP) AFP - South Korean President Roh Moo-Hyun begins Monday a high-profile visit to Russia that is a chance for Moscow to showcase its role as a regional power in northeast Asia.
Google Shares Surge Nearly 18 Percent NEW YORK - Shares of Google Inc. surged nearly 18 percent in their market debut Thursday, in the culmination of a unique and bumpy initial stock offering for the 6-year-old dot-com dreamed up in a college dorm room...
UN members give Annan standing ovation in first appearance after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UNITED NATIONS - Secretary General Kofi Annan received a standing ovation Wednesday from diplomats representing the 191 UN member states, a rare public display of support for the beleaguered UN chief following recent calls for his resignation from 
Six Are Killed in Attempted Breakout at Prison in Kabul At least six people - four prison guards and two prisoners - when Al Qaeda prisoners attempted a break out of Kabul #39;s main Pul-i-Charki prison today, Afghan police officials and eyewitnesses said.
U.S. Iraq Death Toll Hits 1,000, Two Italians Seized  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The U.S. military death toll in Iraq  reached 1,000 on Tuesday nearly 18 months after the invasion to  topple Saddam Hussein, making its mark on the U.S. presidential  election campaign.
Pope Celebrates Mass Near Hilltop Shrine A frail Pope John Paul II traveled to a hilltop shrine near the Adriatic Sea on Sunday, putting three more Catholics on the road to sainthood during an open-air Mass attended by some 200,000 pilgrims.
Eichel: Paris Club to Forgive Most Iraqi Debt German Finance Minister Hans Eichel said on Saturday that the Paris Club had reached a framework agreement to forgive 80 percent of Iraqi debt.
EP Leaders Deliver Opinion: Let Negotiations Begin Without Delay The European Parliament (EP) has advised European Union (EU) leaders, who meet today at the EU summit, to begin full membership negotiations with Turkey immediately.
Iran Says Its Missiles Can Now Reach 1,250 Miles Iran has increased the range of its missiles to 1,250 miles, a senior official was quoted as saying Tuesday. The range would puts parts of Europe within reach for the first time.
No redrawing of map to solve Kashmir issue; India: India News: New Delhi, Oct 26 : India Tuesday virtually rejected Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf #39;s latest proposal for the resolution of the Kashmir dispute based on a change of status of the region.
Al-Jazeera Says Will Play Bin Laden Tape (AP) AP - The Arab television station Al-Jazeera said Friday it would broadcast a tape from al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden on an evening newscast.
Ukraine reopens poisoning inquiry Ukrainian prosecutors reopened their investigation into allegations Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned after doctors who treated the opposition leader confirmed he had been slipped the toxic chemical dioxin.
Hariri resigns, wont head new Lebanese cabinet ISN SECURITY WATCH (20/10/04) - Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri tendered his cabinets resignation on Wednesday and said he would not head a new government.
U.S. Men Stunned by Puerto Rico, 92-73 ATHENS, Greece - In an upset as historic as it was inevitable, Tim Duncan, Allen Iverson and the rest of the U.S. basketball team lost 92-73 to Puerto Rico on Sunday, only the third Olympic loss ever for America and its first since adding pros...
Japan needs qualification The current pressing task for Japan should be to work harder to qualify itself for a seat on the United Nations (UN) Security Council but not to hurriedly squeeze the country into the body, said a Xinhua News Agency commentary.
Edwards Addresses Black Caucus in D.C. (AP) AP - The nation has faced innumerable challenges in its history  #151; social, medical and political  #151; but the American spirit always bounces back, Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards said Saturday.
Hiroshima group plans 'people's tribunal' over US atomic bombings (AFP) AFP - Japanese anti-war campaigners said they planned a "people's tribunal" over the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki that could symbolically hold the United States responsible for war crimes.
Phelps Wins 100-Meter Butterfly American Michael Phelps won the gold medal Friday in the 100-meter butterfly with an Olympic-record time of 51.25 seconds.
Bomb Hits Iraq Govt., Year After Saddam Capture  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber killed at least  seven Iraqis outside Baghdad's government compound on Monday, a  year to the day since U.S. forces captured Saddam Hussein.
Stern to Join Sirius Satellite Radio NEW YORK - Howard Stern has long had two words for the Federal Communications Commission - and in 15 months, he can finally utter them on the air. The self-proclaimed "King of All Media," perhaps the most influential radio voice of the last 20 years, is shifting his salacious act to satellite radio and freeing himself from the increasingly harsh glare of federal regulators...
Op can boost size of micro-penis \Surgeons perfect a way to build up the size of very small penises, enabling proper urination, and a full sex life.
UN human rights chief urges South Korea to repeal security law (AFP) AFP - United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Louise Arbour urged South Korea to repeal its draconian security law, saying the legislation did not meet international standards for human rights protection.
Russian Troops Fled from Siege School Claim Locals Russian soldiers fled as shooting broke out in the violence that ended the school siege and unprepared special forces were forced to borrow bullets from armed locals ,it was claimed today.
Milk Measure Pulled From Relief Bill (AP) AP - An end-of-the-session food fight over a milk support program erupted Friday in Congress, stalling action for hours on legislation ranging from corporate tax cuts to hurricane and drought relief and preventing lawmakers from adjourning to hit the campaign trail.
UK to Seek Debt Relief for Tsunami Nations  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain, with United States backing,  called on Tuesday for a freeze on foreign debts owed by the  countries hit by the Asian tsunami disaster.
US-Turkish Relations Strained The United States reassured Turkey over a military operation in northern Iraq which has reportedly claimed the lives of ethnic Turkmen civilians, but Ankara appeared unimpressed.
ASEAN pushes ahead trade liberalization Economic ministers of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) finally agreed to beef up their commitment to push ahead the program of 
Yankees Lead BoSox 1-0 in Game 2 of ALCS NEW YORK - Gary Sheffield hit an RBI single, and the New York Yankees took a 1-0 lead over Pedro Martinez and the Boston Red Sox in Game 2 of the AL championship series Wednesday night.    New York starter Jon Lieber allowed only one hit and a walk, stifling Boston's sluggers just as Mike Mussina did the night before...
Sudanese troops surround camps Sudanese soldiers have taken up positions near refugee camps in the crisis-torn Darfur region sparking fears that tens of thousands of homeless people could be forcibly moved.
Hussein, Defense Lawyer Meet for 1st Time Saddam Hussein met for the first time since his capture a year ago with a defense lawyer Thursday, two days after Iraq announced it will soon bring top figures of the fallen regime to court, the chief of the former dictator's legal team said.
Philippine Envoy Pleads for Captive (AP) AP - The Philippines' top envoy on Sunday appealed to Iraqi militants for the release of a Filipino accountant kidnapped earlier this month in Baghdad.
Formerly Conjoined Egyptian Twins Doing OK (AP) AP - One year ago, twin Egyptian boys born joined at the tops of their heads were separated after a 34-hour procedure that doctors warned could have resulted in the death of one or both.
Crucial vote looms on Israel #39;s Gaza withdrawal Ariel Sharon was today preparing for a crucial vote in the Israeli parliament on his plan to close all Jewish settlements in the occupied Gaza Strip.
N.Korea Dubs South 'Wicked Terrorist' Over Refugees  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea has denounced South Korean  authorities as "wicked terrorists" who orchestrated the airlift  of 468 North Korean refugees as part of a plot to bring down  the communist system.
Chirac, Qaddafi Discuss Bulgarian Nurses Fate The fate of the five Bulgarian nurses sentenced to death in Libya has been discussed by the French President Jacques Chirac and Libyan leader Muammar Quaddafi.
Colin Powell to hold talks in Japan US Secretary of State Colin Powell will travel to the Far East next week and hold talks in Japan, the Japanese Foreign Ministry said Sunday.
Senators Urge Bush to Rethink Iraq Policy (AP) AP - Senators from both parties urged the Bush administration on Sunday to make a realistic assessment of the situation in Iraq and adjust its policies aimed at pacifying the country.
Powell cancels trip to Olympics US Secretary of State Colin Powell calls off a planned trip to the Olympic Games amid anti-war protests in Athens.
Zhang Readies Another Martial-Arts Saga TORONTO - A few years back, Zhang Yimou was a bit miffed that fellow filmmaker Ang Lee was faster on the draw in elevating the martial-arts epic to serious cinema. But now that Lee's "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" has broken the genre into the mainstream among Western audiences, Zhang is happy to follow his lead...
Abu Ghraib prison hit by car bomb A car bomb detonated outside the gates of Abu Ghraib prison, killing one militant, the military said. The attack occurred when a vehicle tried to crash through the prison #39;s protective gate, said Lt.
Who's Left From Bush's First-Term Cabinet (AP) AP - A look at the six people in President Bush's 15-member Cabinet who will remain in the administration in the second term:
Pentagon responds to missing-explosives report The Pentagon said yesterday that 380 tons of missing explosives from an Iraqi munitions facility may have been moved before US troops overran the area during the invasion to overthrow Saddam Hussein.
N. Koreans Seek Asylum in Beijing School Chinese parents pick up their children at the gate of the Korean School in Beijing Friday Oct. 22, 2004. As many as 29 North Korean asylum seekers entered the school earlier Friday, and told school authorities 
Two U.S. Soldiers Killed in Baghdad (AP) AP - Two U.S. soldiers were killed by small arms fire at a checkpoint in Baghdad, the U.S. command said Monday.
204 feared killed in China #39;s coal mine disaster At least 56 people were killed in a major coal mine disaster in China today and the toll may rise to 204 with officials nearly giving up hope of finding the missing 148 miners alive in central Henan province.
Anger rises as does toll in remote Andaman and Nicobar islands (Reuters) Reuters - Tempers flared over the sluggish pace of relief efforts in the remote and restricted Andamans and Nicobars on Sunday as hundreds of bodies lay scattered around the islands a week after the tsunami struck.
Japan to Protest to China Over Intruder Submarine (Reuters) Reuters - A submarine that intruded into waters off\Japan earlier this week has been identified as Chinese, Japan's\top government spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda said on Friday, adding\that Tokyo would protest to Beijing.
Campaigns Leave Red State Arizona Behind (AP) AP - The presidential campaign has left Arizona behind. Democratic Sen. John Kerry made four visits and spent nearly  #36;4 million on television commercials in an attempt to make the state competitive. But polls this fall show President Bush with a comfortable lead, and Kerry has tabled plans for advertising in the first week of October.
Australia #39;s Howard Stresses Economic Record in Even #39; Election Prime Minister John Howard is betting eight years of economic growth and interest rates at a three- decade low will win him a fourth consecutive term in office when 13 million Australians elect a new government tomorrow.
Iraq Hostages' Kin Appeal for Their Lives BAGHDAD, Iraq - Family members of an American and a Briton held by kidnappers in Iraq appealed for their lives after a grisly video posted on the Internet purportedly showed militants beheading U.S. civil engineer Eugene Armstrong and threatening to kill another hostage in 24 hours...
New Quake Rattles Northern Japan, Felt in Tokyo  NAGAOKA, Japan (Reuters) - A strong earthquake with a  preliminary magnitude of 6.0 jolted northern Japan on  Wednesday, in the same region where a major quake killed at  least 31 people and injured more than 3,400 five days ago.
US, Iraqi Troops Storm Baghdad Mosque Iraqi forces arrest people during a raid on one of the major Sunni Muslim mosques in Baghdad, the Abu Hanifa mosque, Friday Nov. 19 2004.
Bush's Reserve Resignation Cited 'Inadequate Time' (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush, accused by Democrats of\shirking his duty in the Texas Air National Guard during the\Vietnam War, wrote that he had "inadequate time" to meet future\Reserve commitments in his Nov. 1974 letter of resignation\released on Wednesday.
Putin Says Russia Faces Full  #39;War #39; to Divide Nation In a rare address to his nation at a time of grave crisis, President Vladimir V. Putin said Saturday that the school siege the southern city of Beslan was an attack on 
Iraq cleric agrees to ceasefire... sort of However, key members of the cleric #39;s movement insisted terms of the deal had not been finalised. The claims and counterclaims followed an announcement Tuesday by prime minister Ayad Allawi that the basis of 
German leader touts for business in rehabilitated Libya (AFP) AFP - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder travels to Libya to add impetus to the former pariah state's transition to democracy and finalise several major business deals.
Anti-terrorism ads delayed by Labor: PM Prime Minister John Howard has accused Labor of holding up the release of new anti-terrorism advertisements urging Australians to be more safety conscious on public transport.
Jay-Z, OutKast Big Winners at MTV Awards MIAMI - The MTV Video Music Awards show on Sunday featured typical frenetic energy and sexy style, and a few musical surprises, but it was mostly a kinder, gentler version of past shows. There was no Madonna-Britney Spears kiss, no partially clad Howard Stern coming down from the rafters, and certainly no wardrobe malfunctions...
Family of Six Found Dead in Iraqi Home Hit by U.S.  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - Rescuers dug the bodies of six  members of one family -- a couple and their four children --  out of the rubble of an Iraqi house bombed by U.S. warplanes on  Wednesday, witnesses said.
Pakistan Wins US Praise Over Afghan Vote A senior US official commended Pakistan on Tuesday for its help in ensuring the success of last month #39;s Afghan election and said the United States wanted to accelerate and broaden its cooperation with Pakistan.
Grieving families cremate dead after Assam bombing (Reuters) Reuters - Grieving relatives on Monday cremated victims, mostly women and children, of a separatist bombing in northeastern India, while hundreds of angry people rallied against the rising bloodshed.
Bloomberg to Delegates: New York Is Back (AP) AP - Mayor Michael Bloomberg welcomed delegates Monday to the Republican National Convention, proclaiming the city has fully recovered from the World Trade Center attacks and thanking Republicans for choosing New York.
Dialogue of the deaf It was a stormy day, with torrential rain lashing down, but an audience splashed their way to a north London theatre to hear four leading commentators discuss Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s latest plan for his country and the Palestinians.
Details of Congress'  #36;388B Bill to Bush (AP) AP - Congress sent President Bush a  #36;388 billion legislative package Tuesday that covers the spending of every federal agency but the Pentagon and Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1.
Update 5: Euro Reaches New High Against US Dollar The US dollar fell to another new low against the euro Friday, pushing the European currency higher than \$1.34 after US employment data came in weaker than expected.
Al-Qaida  #39;explosive expert #39; caught in Pakistan came from Iran &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A suspected al-Qaida operative who was captured along with another man during raids in this southwestern city is an  quot;explosives expert quot; who had arrived here from Iran, a security official said Thursday.
Aborigines left out of Australian election, says senator (AFP) AFP - Once again, Australia's Aboriginal community has been forgotten as the country prepares for a general election, according to its only indigenous senator, Aden Ridgeway.
Japan Rejects Fischer's Refugee Bid TOKYO - Japan's Justice Ministry rejected former chess champion Bobby Fischer's demand for protection as a political refugee on Tuesday and issued an order to deport him.    Fischer, in custody since he was detained by Japanese airport authorities on July 13 with an invalid U.S...
WWF: Asian Animals, Trees in Danger of Extinction The World Wildlife Fund says animals and trees from Asia dominate its list of the 10 species most likely to become extinct because of illegal trade.
Taking the Battle to the Enemy U.S. and Iraqi forces launch high-risk probes of the insurgency in Fallujah and Ramadi. A TIME exclusive
Saga of Britain's official cats revealed under new Freedom of Information Act (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Now it can be told: Britain's Home Office had not one official cat, but a whole dynasty of mouse catchers, one of which nearly insulted the Queen.
Afghan group makes demands for hostages KABUL Militants holding three foreign United Nations staff members in Afghanistan released a video Sunday of their hostages and said they would be killed if demands for release of prisoners and withdrawal of foreign troops were not met by noon Wednesday.
Official Campaign Opens in Afghan Presidential Poll  KABUL (Reuters) - The official month-long campaign for  Afghanistan's first-ever direct presidential election opened on  Tuesday in what will be a major test of U.S.-led  nation-building efforts since the 2001 ouster of the Taliban.
POLISH TROOPS TO LEAVE IRAQ NEXT YEAR In a major disappointment for Washington, Poland says that it aims to withdraw all of its 2,500 troops from Iraq next year. The US administration sees Warsaw as one of its staunchest allies in Iraq.
Stocks Turn Higher As Oil Hits Record High NEW YORK - Stocks enjoyed a late-day rally Wednesday, finishing higher despite a new record price for oil and gloomy third-quarter outlooks from several companies. Volume was relatively light as investors awaited the government's jobs creation report at the end of the week...
Ordeal of 'Deserters' Who Didn't Desert Two men falsely identified as deserters by the Indian army were released in a prisoner exchange with Pakistan, but their lives remain spoiled by the mistake.
Philippines Rescuers Battle Devastating Floods Relief workers battled rain and choppy seas today to deliver food and medicine to the Philippines north-east following devastating back-to-back storms that killed at least 568 people and left hundreds more missing.
Powell pledges help for Grenada The US secretary of state tours hurricane-hit Grenada and pledges millions of dollars in aid.
Jakarta Court Says Cleric Bashir Trial Can Proceed (Reuters) Reuters - The trial on terrorism charges of\Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir, accused of leading a\regional network linked to al Qaeda, can go ahead, a Jakarta\court ruled Thursday.
Golden double for Holmes Britain's Kelly Holmes makes Olympic history by adding 1500m gold to her 800m title.
Sanofi-Aventis becomes world's third-largest pharmaceutical company (AFP) AFP - French pharmaceutical group Sanofi-Synthelabo formally announced the birth of Sanofi-Aventis, the world's third-largest pharmaceutical company, ranking number one in Europe.
Pakistani president says killing of Al-Qaeda militant is a blow &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Pakistani President, Pervez Musharraf, says the killing of an al-Qaeda militant by security forces is a major blow against terrorism.
Canadian PM faces crisis over sub fire CANADIAN Prime Minister Paul Martin yesterday headed off a no-confidence vote that could have brought down his Government, but immediately sailed into a new row over a stricken submarine.
Milosevic rejects trial defence lawyers Slobodan Milosevic refused to work with two court-appointed lawyers yesterday as they called the first witness in his war crimes defence case.
China regrets submarine's intrusion, Japan says BEIJING -- China expressed regret through diplomatic channels yesterday that one of its nuclear-powered submarines intruded into Japanese territorial waters last week for  quot;technical reasons, quot; Japanese officials said.
Austrian Bishop Quits After Sex Scandal -- Newspaper  VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian bishop Kurt Krenn has resigned,  apparently at the Pope's request, after a sex and child  pornography scandal in his diocese rocked the Roman Catholic  church in the Alpine nation.
Company to Aid in DeLay Corruption Probe (AP) AP - A company accused in the campaign-finance investigation that has implicated associates of U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay agreed to aid prosecutors in exchange for having charges against it dropped, court papers showed.
U.S. Joins New Drive for Northern Ireland Deal  LEEDS CASTLE, England (Reuters) - U.S. special envoy  Mitchell Reiss will join British and Irish leaders at a  1,000-year-old castle on Thursday for talks billed as a final  chance to save Northern Ireland's 1998 Good Friday peace  accord.
Anchor Away Tom Brokaw makes his steady-voiced, flag-waving, NBC-rattling, Rather-and-Jennings-beating exit.
Health of Arafat said to deteriorate The health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat deteriorated yesterday, and Palestinian doctors were rushed to his Ramallah compound in the 
Darfur peace talks delayed troops to monitor renewed fighting in Darfur, where 1.5 million people have been driven from their homes. Ethiopia and Chad to the talks in the Nigerian capital, which analysts say have little chance of success.
China Mine Blast Death Toll Rises to 66 Grieving relatives scuffled with guards Friday at the scene of China's worst mining accident this year as rescue workers pulled more bodies out of a mine shaft choked with poison gas.
Tennis: Moya thrilled at win Spain's Carlos Moya says Davis Cup victory over the USA is "like a dream".
Palestinian suicide bomber kills 3 Israelis A Palestinian suicide bomber blew himself up in the middle of Tel Aviv #39;s Shuk HaCarmel yesterday, killing three Israelis and wounding more than 
Abuses at Prison Tied to Officers in Intelligence A high-level Army investigation has found that military intelligence interrogators played a major role in the abuse of Iraqi prisoners.
Assault Slows, but G.I.'s Take Half of Falluja Also, insurgents kidnapped three relatives of the Iraqi prime minister, Ayad Allawi, from their home in Baghdad.
Al Qaeda Suspect Breaks Legs Fleeing in Pakistan  PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - A suspected Arab member of  al Qaeda was arrested by Pakistani security forces on Thursday  after breaking his legs trying to escape a raid on his house  near the northwestern city of Peshawar.
Kremlin candidate for Chechen presidency set to win DAVID HARDAKER: In Soviet times, it was a long-held tradition to immortalise leaders by renaming streets and major cities after them.
Two Candidates Claim Romanian Presidency Both candidates claimed victory in the Romanian presidential runoff vote Sunday, and exit polls showed Bucharest Mayor Traian Basescu and Prime Minister Adrian Nastase in a virtual tie.
Turkey Says EU 'Homework Done,' Green Light Ahead  BERLIN (Reuters) - Turkey declared that it had fulfilled  all the political criteria for membership talks with the  European Union on Sunday, three days before a recommendation  from the EU's executive that will give Ankara a green light.
Thatcher 'planned to leave home' Mark Thatcher planned to leave South Africa, say investigators into his alleged involvement in a coup plot.
Thousands Protest Gaza Evacuation Plan JERUSALEM - Tens of thousands of Jewish settlers and their backers demonstrated in Jerusalem on Sunday against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to evacuate all settlements from Gaza and four West Bank enclaves in a rally held against a backdrop of assassination threats and warnings of civil war.    The withdrawal plan has upset the Israeli political scene since it was announced last year, turning Sharon's backers into opponents and detractors into supporters...
21 Palestinians, 3 Israelis Die in Gaza Fighting  JABALYA, Gaza (Reuters) - Twenty-one Palestinians and three  Israelis were killed Thursday, Gaza's bloodiest day for more  than two years, as Israel struck back after a rocket attack  killed two Israeli children in a border town.
100 Qaeda deaths reported ISLAMABAD, Pakistan Pakistani security forces killed about 100 Qaeda terrorists during a recent military operation in tribal areas near Afghanistan, state-run television quoted Pakistan #39;s president as saying.
After Delays, Milosevic Opens Defense  THE HAGUE, Aug. 31 -- Former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic  launched on Tuesday a defiant defense of his conduct during the Balkan wars, accusing his enemies of conspiracies against the Serbs and insisting that his countrymen acted in self-defense.
Negroponte Wants More Funds for Iraqi Security --WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The new U.S. ambassador to Iraq wants  to shift \$3.37 billion in aid earmarked for water, sewage and  electricity projects in the country to efforts to improve  Iraq's security and oil output and create more jobs, the Wall  Street Journal reported on Monday.
Iranian program not an  #39;imminent threat #39; IRAN #39;S nuclear program does not present an  quot;imminent threat, #39; quot; but Tehran must take measures to reassure the international community about its intentions, UN nuclear watchdog chief Mohamed ElBaradei said Sunday.
Pakistan holds al-Qaeda suspects Police in the Pakistani city of Peshawar say they have arrested two foreign al-Qaeda suspects.
Abu Ghraib Judge Implores U.S. Over Case MANNHEIM, Germany - A military judge hearing evidence about the alleged abuse of prisoners at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison pressed the U.S. government Monday to speed up its investigation, warning that delays could derail the case against at least one of the accused soldiers...
North Korea #39;s No. 2 Leader Visits China North Korea #39;s second-most senior leader toured a shiny new science park in Beijing Monday, a first stop on visit aimed at finding ways to help the North #39;s moribund economy as much as jump-starting stalled nuclear talks.
Full Extent of Indonesia Disaster Slowly Revealed  BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Desperate survivors  huddle in clearings without food or shelter above the water  line all along the tsunami-ravaged coast of Indonesia's Aceh  province, and corpses float as far as 20 miles out to sea.
US Thanks for Bulgarian Troops Expertise The American defence minister has thanked Bulgaria for the work of its contingent in Iraq, and expressed appreciation of Bulgarian troops #39; professionalism.
Germany's Schroeder arrives in Libya (AFP) AFP - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder arrived in Libya for an official visit during which he is to hold talks with Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi.
French Relations in Africa Faces Threat (AP) AP - For more than 100 years, French families have made their homes in this tropical country, rich in coffee and cocoa. Its main city, with its towering skyscrapers, crisp croissants and fine wines, became known as the Paris of West Africa.
Suffocation cited in most deaths At least 84 Muslim protesters died, mostly from suffocation so severe their eyes bled, after being arrested and locked in army trucks following clashes with security forces in the south, officials said yesterday.
Hong Kong in Climate of Fear as elections near: report HONG KONG, Sept. 9, 2004The human rights situation in Hong Kong has taken a turn for the worse this year, a human rights group said Thursday, citing Beijing-sponsored political intimidation as the former 
Iraq declares state of emergency BAGHDAD : Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi has declared a state of emergency across Iraq, except for the northern region of Kurdistan, for 60 days due to a spike in deadly violence, his spokesman said.
Bomb scare diverts BA flight A British Airways passenger plane was forced yesterday to make an emergency landing, escorted by two fighter jets, after a security scare.
Hamas Leaders Apparently Quit Damascus, Says Israel  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Hamas leaders have apparently quit  Damascus following Israeli threats to target them for  assassination in retaliation for a Palestinian double suicide  bombing last week, Israel's defense minister said on Monday.
Mbeki Ready to Present Ivory Coast Peace Proposals  ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast (Reuters) - South African President  Thabo Mbeki said Sunday he was ready to make concrete proposals  to revive a peace process in Ivory Coast after visiting the  rebel-held north of the country on a mediation mission.
India boosted as Rathore grabs historic silver (Reuters) Reuters - India erupted with joy as shooter Rajyavardhan Rathore clinched their first medal at the Athens Olympics on Tuesday and their first ever individual silver.
Communism, capitalism forge throngs in Bucharest BUCHAREST, Romania -- No parking spaces. Crippling traffic jams. Sky-high rents. Is this London, Rome, or Athens? No, it's Bucharest, where communism and capitalism have conspired to make it Europe's most crowded capital.
Baghdad hit by car bomb blasts At least three people have been killed in a suspected suicide car bomb blast outside Baghdad #39;s main hospital, Iraqi police and medics say.
Iran 'serial child killers' held Iranian police arrest two men suspected of murdering several children and burying their bodies in the desert. 
Judge reserves decision in Air India terrorism trial (AFP) AFP - Two men charged with murder and conspiracy in the Air India bombings, the world's most lethal terror strike prior to September 11, 2001, will wait until March to hear a verdict, a judge said.
Differences on Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus minor hiccup: Tarigami New Delhi, Dec. 8 (PTI): Terming the differences between India and Pakistan regarding the proposed Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus service a  quot;minor hiccup quot;, CPI(M) leader from Jammu and Kashmir Yusuf Tarigami, said he was hopeful of the bus link starting soon.
Prince Harry scuffles with photographer LONDON -- Britain #39;s Prince Harry was hit in the face with a camera during a scuffle with a photographer outside a London nightclub early Thursday, a royal official said.
Ethiopians denounce border talks More than 50,000 people in Addis Ababa demonstrate against government plans to renew border talks with Eritrea.
Taiwan offers to cut troops by 100,000 Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian Wednesday offered to cut the island #39;s troops by 100,000 to ease military tensions with mainland China.
Several killed in ethnic clashes in Henan Beijing (AsiaNews/Agencies) - Thousands of police on Monday were guarding a country road outside a village in central China where eyewitnesses said rioting between hundreds of members of the Han ethnic majority and Hui Muslims killed at least seven 
Nations to Strategize on Iraq, Italian Foreign Minister Says   F   ranco Frattini , Italy's foreign minister, said a two-day international meeting on Iraq in late November will examine ways to stabilize the country and develop plans for an exit strategy for the U.S.-led occupation force there.
Russia blocking Paris Club debt relief for Iraq: G20 source BERLIN (AFP) - Russia is blocking a Paris Club agreement to wipe out 80 percent of Iraqi debt, a source said on the sidelines of a Group of 20 meeting of finance chiefs.
USS Cole bombing planners to die A judge in Yemen sentenced two men to death and four others to prison terms of as long as 10 years for the deadly attack in 2000 against the warship USS Cole.
System of pet passports to apply fully from Friday BRUSSELS New EU-wide legislation introducing a pet passport will be fully applicable from Friday, allowing pets and their owners to travel legally within the European Union, the European Commission said Wednesday.
Abductors Free Brazil Soccer Star Robinho's Mother  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - Kidnappers have freed the  mother of one of Brazil's most exciting young soccer talents,  Santos forward Robinho, 40 days after they seized her at  gunpoint from a party, the player's agent said on Friday.
Ugandan army kills 25 rebels in southern Sudan Soldiers of the Uganda People #39;s Defense Forces (UPDF) have raided rebel Lord #39;s Resistance Army (LRA) leader Joseph Kony #39;s hideouts at Pakanyar in southern Sudan, killing 25 rebels and capturing seven others.
Germans arrest fourth man in suspected attack on Iraqi prime &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BERLIN German authorities have arrested a fourth man suspected of plotting an attack on Iraq #39;s prime minister. Three Iraqis are already in custody for their alleged roles in the al-Qaida-linked plot.
India Test Fires Nuclear-Capable Missile BHUBANESHWAR, India Nov 7, 2004 - India on Sunday tested a nuclear-capable ship-launched missile off its eastern coast, an official said.
U.S. May Use Iraq Meeting to Engage Iran  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell may  use a conference on Iraq later this month as an opportunity to  engage directly with Iran, officials said on Friday, despite a  looming nuclear crisis.
EU to give China  #39;signal #39; on lifting arms ban at summit The EU is preparing to send a  quot;positive signal quot; to China at a summit with Prime Minister Wen Jiabao Wednesday over his call to lift a 15-year-old EU arms embargo, but no immediate decision is expected.
The proper response to difficulty is not to retreat but to prevail &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; President George W Bush delivered an unapologetic defence of his record before the United Nations yesterday, saying there was no security in looking away from threats to global security.
Tennis: Federer warns rivals Roger Federer believes he is now capable of winning any tournament in the world.
Pope Returns Relics To Orthodox Leader  VATICAN CITY, Nov. 27 -- Pope John Paul II on Saturday handed over the bones of two saints to Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I, the spiritual leader of the world's Orthodox Christians, in hopes that the gesture will revive talks over unifying Roman Catholicism and Orthodox Christianity, two major forces in Christendom.
Former US-trained general projects a reputation for strength, calm Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, a retired four-star general trained in the United States, led the fight against Indonesia #39;s main al-Qaida-linked militant group.
Militants Threaten to Kill US, UK Hostages in Iraq Insurgents threatened on Saturday to cut the throats of two Americans and a Briton seized in Baghdad, and launched a suicide car bomb attack on Iraqi security forces in Kirkuk that killed at least 23 people.
Former Drug Lord Gunned Down in Brazil Jose Carlos dos Reis Encina, once Brazil's most notorious drug lords, was gunned down on a major avenue Thursday, police said.
Hopes for peace talks as Nepal rebels lift blockade Nepal #39;s ruling coalition has expressed hopes for peace talks with Maoist rebels, as the capital, Kathmandu, returned to normal after the rebels lifted a week-long blockade.
VW, unions hopeful of deal A deal seems to be taking shape in wage talks between Volkswagen and the IG Metall metalworkers union, the head of the works council at Europe #39;s biggest carmaker said Wednesday.
Center of Eye of Frances Makes Landfall STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Frances howled ashore at Florida's east coast early Sunday with sustained wind of 105 mph and pelting rain, knocking out power to 2 million people and forcing Floridians to endure a frightening night amid roaring gales that shredded roofs and uprooted trees...
15 Iraqis, 9 US Marines killed in one of Bloodiest Day HILLA (Iraq): In a bloody day in Iraq, at least fifteen Iraqis died and another 20 were wounded in an exchange of gunfire south of Baghdad, hospital sources said, while the US military reported killing five suspected rebels during clashes.
Indonesian cleric accuses US, Australia of mastering his trial By Channel NewsAsia #39;s Indonesia Bureau Chief Haseenah Koyakutty. JAKARTA : Indonesia #39;s top terror suspect Abu Bakar Bashir has dismissed his trial as a joke, saying that the only reason he is being detained 
Japan to deport Fischer Japan issued a deportation order today against former world chess champion Bobby Fischer, who is wanted in the United States for defying sanctions, but his lawyer immediately filed an appeal, blocking the move.
Advocacy Groups And Campaigns: An Uneasy Shuttle The flow of people between the campaigns and advocacy groups is alarming those who fought for tighter campaign finance rules.
Kerry-Bush rules of engagement leave little room for debate (AFP) AFP - Officially the US presidential election is not a war, but Republicans and Democrats have drawn up what looks suspiciously like rules of engagement for the televised debates between George W. Bush and John Kerry.
Japan Issues Order to Deport Ex-Chess Champ Fischer  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan on Tuesday ordered the deportation  of former world chess champion Bobby Fischer, wanted at home in  the United States for breaking sanctions, rejecting his demand  for protection as a political refugee.
Natural gas giant Gazprom to participate in Russian auction of key Yukos unit (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - The nascent petroleum division of natural gas giant Gazprom will bid for the crown jewels of the battered Yukos oil empire, its chief said Tuesday - a widely anticipated move that could put the heart of the company jailed billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky created in Kremlin-friendly hands.
Strategy for partnership With the European Unions (EU) expansion to 25 countries, it now accounts for 28 of world GDP and a market of 450 million. That closer commercial relationships with EU are desirable is obvious.
Ex-OAS Chief Ordered Held in Costa Rica (AP) AP - A Costa Rican appeals court judge ordered the former head of the Organization of American States jailed Friday while prosecutors prepare corruption charges against him for allegedly accepting kickbacks when he was the nation's president.
Car Bombers Strike Near Green Zone, 7 Dead  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Twin suicide car bombs blew up outside  a police station near Baghdad's Green Zone on Saturday, killing  seven people and wounding 57 in the latest deadly strike  against Iraq's shaky security forces.
Frenchmen claim discovery of Great Pyramid burial chamber (AFP) AFP - Two French amateur archaelogists this week published a book in which they claim to have located the secret burial chamber of the Pyramid of Cheops near Cairo, the largest pyramid ever built.
Osama is our chief: Zarqawi IRAQ #39;S most wanted man, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, declared allegiance to Osama bin Laden yesterday as a car bomb near the Australian embassy in Baghdad killed seven people and injured at least 20 others.
Marxist rebels free 4 hostages Marxist rebels in Colombia have freed four hostages, three of whom were held captive for well over three years in the jungle. The four released hostages - two men and two women were flown to Neiva, 150 miles 
Safety probe into arthritis drugs European drug regulators are conducting a safety review of four arthritis drugs amid reports that they could increase the risk of strokes and heart attacks.
Israeli violence continues in Gaza, 4 Palestinians killed Israeli occupation forces killed four Palestinian fighters in Gaza Strip early Monday, saying that two of them were trying to cross the fenced border from the territory in a rare case of its kind, military sources said.
Russia School Standoff Ends With 250 Dead BESLAN, Russia - The three-day hostage siege at a school in southern Russia ended in chaos and bloodshed Friday, after witnesses said Chechen militants set off bombs and Russian commandos stormed the building. Hostages fled in terror, many of them children who were half-naked and covered in blood...
Malaria Vaccine Proves Effective For the first time, researchers say, a vaccine against malaria has shown that it can save children from infection or death.
At least 35 die in Egyptian blasts A SERIES of explosions ripped through three Egyptian holiday resorts popular with Israelis last night, leaving at least 35 people dead and 160 more injured.
Effect of single-parent families roils EU The European Union #39;s incoming Security and Justice Commissioner has criticized child-rearing by a single parent, the Times of London said Monday.
Strong Quake, Aftershocks Hit Northern Japan  TOKYO (Reuters) - A strong earthquake with a preliminary  magnitude of 6.8 and two big aftershocks hit northern Japan on  Saturday, derailing a train, triggering at least one landslide  and causing widespread power outages, media reported.
Karzai far ahead in Afghan vote with quarter of ballots counted KABUL - President Hamid Karzai maintained his large lead in Afghanistans election on sday after almost a quarter of the votes had been counted, according to the electoral commission website.
Terror effort seen focused on Baghdad BAGHDAD -- An insurgency led by Al Qaeda affiliate Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has made the Iraqi capital its main battleground, perhaps in the hopes of swaying the outcome of US elections, a senior Western official said.
Cricket: NZ clinch one-day series New Zealand beat Bangladesh by thre wickets in Dhaka despite figures of 5-31 by Aftab Ahmed.
UN broadens its presence in Iraq UNITED NATIONS, New York The United Nations has announced that it is expanding its presence in Iraq outside of Baghdad to the cities of Erbil and Basra and planning to send a small addition of staff members into the country to assist in the elections 
Yesterday in parliament The prime minister insisted no decision had yet been taken on sending British troops to relieve US allies in Iraq. Repeatedly challenged at prime minister #39;s question time, Mr Blair said it was a military decision 
UN's Annan warns against Fallujah assault (AFP) AFP - UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has warned the United States, Britain and Iraq that a planned assault on Fallujah could undermine planned elections in January, diplomats said.
Pope returns relics to eastern Orthodox Pope John Paul returned relics of two early Christian saints to the Patriarch of Constantinople Saturday in another bid to warm ties with eastern Orthodoxy.
Beirut rejects UN resolution ahead of Lahoud vote BEIRUT : Beirut rejected a UN Security Council resolution calling for the withdrawal of foreign forces from Lebanon, as lawmakers prepared to vote to change the constitution to allow pro-Damascus president Emile Lahoud to serve another term.
U.S. Won't Release Iraqi Women Prisoners BAGHDAD, Iraq - A senior Iraqi official said Wednesday that a decision had been made to release a top female germ-warfare scientist for Saddam Hussein, but Iraq's leader and U.S. officials moved quickly to squelch the idea that she would be freed soon...
Flood crest safely passes Yangtze dam BEIJING A flood crest passed safely through the Three Gorges Dam on China #39;s Yangtze River on Thursday as devastated communities upstream cleaned up from floods that had killed at least 177 people and injured thousands.
MPs' expense details are revealed Electors can check up of their MPs' expense claims for the first time, with the listing of claims over three years.
2 sentenced to death in Cole blast SAN'A, Yemen -- A Saudi suspected of being an associate of Osama bin Laden and a Yemeni militant were sentenced to death by firing squad yesterday for the bombing of the USS Cole four years ago, the first convictions in the Al Qaeda terrorism attack that killed 17 American sailors.
Indonesian Cleric Faces New Charges Indonesian prosecutors on Friday charged the militant Muslim cleric Abubakar Baasyir under a new anti-terror law, accusing him of leading a terrorist organization 
U.K. Docs Suggest Tax Breaks for Exercise LONDON - Money spent on sports and exercise should be tax deductible as part of a national strategy to fight flab, say doctors in Britain who are grappling with one of the world's most rapidly growing obesity epidemics.    Ahead of a daylong conference Thursday on tackling obesity in primary care clinics, the Royal College of General Practitioners called on the government to consider tax breaks to make exercise more accessible and affordable to everybody...
Study: U.S. Needs to Fight Medicare Fraud (AP) AP - Fraud in the  #36;300-billion-a-year Medicaid program is widespread and the federal government is not doing enough to combat it, congressional investigators said in a report released Wednesday.
Afghan School Explosion Kills 10 29 August 2004 -- The US military says an explosion near a school in southeastern Afghanistan has killed 10 people. US military spokeswoman Master Sergeant Ann Bennett says the people killed by the explosion 
EU Could Lift Arms Embargo on China by Next Year The European Union Wednesday held out the prospect of lifting a 15-year-old arms embargo on China, possibly by next year. Washington firmly opposes 
EU leaders hold talks in Sudan after new sanctions threat (AFP) AFP - A European Union delegation led by Dutch Foreign Minister Bernard Bot was holding talks after renewed EU sanctions threat against Khartoum over the Darfur crisis.
Indonesian leader visits site of separatist conflict BANDA ACEH, Indonesia President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono of Indonesia, who has vowed to end the conflict in Aceh Province, made his first visit there Friday against a backdrop of continued violence.
U.N. Hostages' Captors Extend Deadlines (AP) AP - Militants claiming to hold three U.N. hostages in Afghanistan postponed a Friday deadline for carrying out their threat to kill the trio, giving United Nations and Afghan officials another day to open negotiations.
Quickly Asia SEOUL - Two soldiers were killed and 12 others injured yesterday when an anti-tank rocket that was fired by mistake hit a group of troops in training, the army said.
Spring Productivity Rate Makes Small Gain WASHINGTON - Workers' productivity increased at an annual rate of 2.5 percent in the spring, the smallest gain since late 2002, reflecting the economy's slowdown.    The increase in productivity - the amount an employee produces for every hour on the job - was down from an initial estimate of a 2.9 percent growth rate for the April-to-June quarter and marked a deceleration from the 3.7 percent pace posted in the first three months of this year, the Labor Department reported Thursday...
Over a million Bosnians back home The UN says more than a million displaced Bosnians have now returned home - but major obstacles remain.
Fallujah may not vote in Iraqi elections, Allawi says Portions of Iraqs Sunni minority who live in the more rebellious population centers may be disenfranchised, US-installed interim Prime Minister told The Australian in an exclusive interview.
A Tug of War  It's a single glass case in an 18,200-square-foot exhibition, but it's likely to draw more flak than its size would suggest.
US: Iranian Nuclear Program May Come Before UN Security Council Secretary of State Colin Powell says the United Nations Security Council may ultimately have to deal with questions surrounding Iran #39;s nuclear program.
Sharon eases conditions to restart peace talks JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has indicated he is dropping a demand that Palestinians crack down on militant groups before he will resume peace talks.
Fear of violence grips B #39;desh on day of mass strikes Dhaka, Aug 30. (PTI):Fear of violence gripped Bangladesh as the country #39;s two major parties faced-off on the streets today to protest the deadly grenade attack on the main opposition rally which killed 20 people and injured more than 300.
TV: Iraq Group to Free 7 Employees of Kuwait Firm Iraqi kidnappers of seven employees of a Kuwaiti company said in a video statement on Thursday they would release the captives once their employer halted operations in Iraq, Al Arabiya television reported.
U.N. Official Urges Political Independence (AP) AP - The United Nations should find ways to demonstrate political independence, regain the neutrality it lost after the Sept. 11 attacks and better communicate with the world's 1 billion Muslims, a top U.N. official said Monday.
Humane Society opens case against Japan whaling in Australian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY - Humane Society International opened legal proceedings in Australian Federal Courts on Tuesday against a Japanese whaling fleet that it charges has killed more than 400 minke whales within Australia #39;s whale sanctuary over the past four years.
Giants Defeat Padres 7-5 SAN DIEGO - Edgardo Alfonzo's two-run double capped a six-run rally in the fourth inning, and the San Francisco Giants tied the Chicago Cubs for the wild-card lead by beating San Diego 7-5 on Tuesday night.    The Giants remained three games behind NL West leader Los Angeles after the Dodgers' 5-4 comeback victory against Colorado...
 #39;Piano Teacher #39; author wins Nobel Prize Austrian writer Elfriede Jelinek, a reclusive author whose feminism, leftist politics and pacifism are common themes in her works, won the Nobel Prize in literature Thursday for what the Swedish Academy called her  quot;musical flow of voices and counter 
North Jersey Media Group A SMALL but loud chorus of conservative voices is calling for the resignation of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan. They say he is tainted by the UN oil-for-food scandal and should step down.
Summary: Yanukovych leads Ukraine election UKRAINE VOTES: Near complete results from Sunday #39;s presidential election show Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych with 40 percent support and opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko with 39 percent.
Brits, French, Germans give Iran 'last chance' In Terrorism and Security daily update: Europeans offer nuclear technology if Tehran ends uranium enrichment efforts.
Israeli Army Prepares for Showdown in Gaza (AP) AP - Israeli aircraft struck more targets in the Gaza Strip on Friday as the army massed an armored force in apparent preparation for a major military operation against militants in Jebaliya, the Palestinians' biggest refugee camp.
5 troops killed fighting in Iraq A US soldier was killed yesterday by a homemade bomb and four US Marines died Friday in three separate incidents, the military announced yesterday.
Poor nations pledge to reform UN DURBAN, South Africa (Reuters) - Developing countries have pledged to band together to force the West to help tackle their problems, ranging from poverty to reform of the United Nations. 
Developments Concerning Iraq The International Atomic Energy Agency warned that insurgents in Iraq may have obtained nearly 400 tons of missing explosives that can be used in the kind of car bomb attacks that have targeted US-led coalition forces.
Demobilized Soldiers Take Over Aristide #39;s Home Near Port-au-Prince Dozens of demobilized soldiers have taken over the home of ousted Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in a Port-au-Prince suburb.
New media clampdown in Zimbabwe Zimbabwe MPs agree to amend a tough media law, threatening unregistered journalists with jail.
Bombed Turkish synagogue reopens Istanbul's largest synagogue reopens amid tight security, 11 months after being  damaged in a suicide bomb attack.
Arab Officials Criticize US Support of Israel Senior Arab officials attending a US-sponsored conference in the Middle East rejected the Bush administration #39;s assertion that greater democracy would help end terrorism 
Passion sells 2.4m copies on DVD The Passion of the Christ sells 2.4 million copies on DVD in its first few hours on sale in the US.
Athens Throws a Party to Celebrate Games ATHENS, Greece - If anyone deserved a party, it was the people of Athens.    The flame went out on the Olympics during a closing ceremony Sunday night that honored the birthplace of the games with an ebullient display of Greek pride and symbolism, a relief-filled celebration of the ancient and the new...
Ethics Become Priority For Israeli Military Israel #39;s top general announced Friday that the military would investigate allegations that soldiers abused the bodies of Palestinians killed during army operations, including 
Over 100 students, teachers abducted in Napal More than 100 students and teachers have been adducted in Nepal, reported China Radio International Monday morning. Reports said suspected rebels kidnapped 49 students from 
Ukraine PM on Verge of Victory, Rival Cries Foul  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's prime minister was on the verge  of victory in a presidential election on Monday but his liberal  rival accused the authorities of mass fraud and told thousands  of supporters to stay on the streets in protest.
Koizumi Surveys Japan #39;s Earthquake Damage Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi surveyed the earthquake damage in northern Japan on Tuesday, meeting people camped out in a high-school gymnasium after the nation #39;s 
Terrorists release new video of Hassan BRITAIN was bracing itself for another hostage outrage in Iraq as a harrowing video of the Care International worker Margaret Hassan was released.
Ken Bigley #39;s widow speaks out The wife of British hostage Ken Bigley, who was beheaded by militants in Iraq, has appealed for privacy to mourn her husband #39;s death.
US rejects climate policy attacks The US defends its decision not to sign up to the Kyoto climate change treaty with an attack on Europe's record.
New Bomb Blast Wounds 15 in India GAUHATI, India - Suspected separatists bombed a power line, a gas pipeline, a tea plantation and a crowded marketplace in northeastern India on Sunday, intensifying a campaign of violence that has killed more than 50 people and wounded at least 100 over the last two days.    The violence, affecting the states of Nagaland and Assam, was among the deadliest to hit the region, where more than three dozen insurgent groups have been active...
Thai PM: Mistakes made over riots PATTANI, Thailand -- Thailand #39;s prime minister has said security forces made mistakes handling a group of Muslim rioters and has expressed regret that nearly 80 people died of suffocation while in custody.
Handover infuriates Afghans HERAT, Afghanistan -- Angry mobs loyal to ousted governor Ismail Khan burned half a dozen international aid compounds, looted their contents, and stoned national army troops sent to keep order yesterday as the newly named provincial governor was welcomed at an ornate palace ceremony in this remote western city.
Bomb Alert Prompts Greek Plane to Land in London  LONDON (Reuters) - A bomb alert prompted a Greek Olympic  passenger airliner to make an emergency landing at London's  Stansted Airport on Sunday, an airport spokesman said.
Indonesian Police arrest Australian Embassy bombing suspect PETER CAVE: Police in Indonesia believe they #39;ve arrested the kingpin behind the bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta earlier this year.
Israeli captain charged after shooting girl Military prosecutors yesterday charged an army captain with five separate offenses after fellow soldiers accused him of repeatedly shooting a 13-year-old Palestinian schoolgirl to make sure that she was dead.
'Heavy fighting' ahead in Falluja The full-scale assault on the Iraqi rebel city of Falluja could intensify, warns the US officer in charge of the offensive.
Opposition Alleges Afghan Election Fraud KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghanistan's historic presidential election turned sour Saturday when all 15 candidates opposing U.S.-backed interim President Hamid Karzai withdrew in the middle of voting, charging the government and the United Nations with fraud and incompetence.    In the end, faulty ink - not Taliban bombs and bullets - threatened three years of painstaking progress toward democracy...
Car bombers target Iraqi police; 16 killed Military #39;s approach comes under fire from UN representative, who questions wisdom of the push for an early election. By Sameer N. Yacoub.
MI6 agents drafted in to improve Gaza security MI6 agents and British police are setting up a high-tech control centre for Palestinian security services in the Gaza Strip to help them maintain control in the volatile territory after the death of Yasser Arafat.
Premier Yu makes rare stopover in Japan Premier Yu Shyi-kun yesterday made a rare stopover on Japanese soil, thanks to Typhoon Aere, prompting  quot;grave concern quot; from China over the unexpected trip #39;s diplomatic overtones.
International Iraq conference, window-dressing Many words, little action from international conference which was meant to help solve bloody violence in Iraq. By Marc Burleigh - SHARM EL-SHEIKH, Egypt.
Chirac Makes Rare Trip To Libya Tripoli, Nov. 25 (NNN) : In a historic development, President Jacques Chirac of France has made the first visit to Libya by a French leader since 1951.
Envoy pleads for Bigley #39;s body Baghdad - The killers of Kenneth Bigley were asked on Sunday to return his body to end the  quot;agonising wait quot; for his family and to  quot;finally allow them to lay him to rest quot;, in an appeal by the British ambassador to Iraq.
IAEA Inspectors in S.Korea for 2nd Investigation (Reuters) Reuters - Inspectors from the U.N. nuclear watchdog\arrived in Seoul on Sunday to conduct a second inspection of\South Korea's nuclear experiments, a day after the South said\it had no plans to develop or possess nuclear weapons.
Ads Make Closing Arguments in Campaign (AP) AP - President Bush promises to do "whatever it takes" to keep the country safe. Democrat John Kerry says Bush has failed and calls for "a fresh start."
New York funeral for rapper ODB Friends, family and fans gather at a church in Harlem, New York, for the funeral of rapper ODB.
Terrorism ; Prabhakaran turns 50, but will he change? (COMMENTARY) Terrorism News, New Delhi, As he prepares to celebrate his 50th birthday, Velupillai Prabhakaran remains firmly committed to his dream of breaking up Sri Lanka to carve out a Tamil Eelam state.
A Look at Foreigners Taken Hostage in Iraq (AP) AP - Insurgents in Iraq have kidnapped more than 150 foreigners. Those reported held are:
Urgent review over Palace protest Police and Home Office officials have begun an urgent review of security measures after a protester dressed as Batman scaled Buckingham Palace.
WHO Official Seeks More Money for Bird Flu The world #39;s wealthier nations must contribute more money and intellectual power to fighting bird flu or risk a worldwide epidemic that spreads to people, a Vietnam-based official from the World Health Organization (WHO) warned Wednesday.
Myanmar completes release of 9,000 prison inmates YANGON (AFP) - Myanmar has completed its mass release of more than 9,000 inmates, a prison department source said, following a shake-up in the military-run regime.
Arafat in grave condition PARIS -- French doctors say Yasser Arafat is still alive, though his condition  quot;has become more complex. quot;. Earlier, Luxembourg #39;s prime minister told reporters as he arrived at a summit in Brussels that Arafat had died.
Archbishop #39;s Bid to Heal Rift over Homosexuality Traditionalists and gay Christians were tonight cautious over a call for unity by the Archbishop of Canterbury amid the row about homosexual clergy.
Bush tells UN  #39;all must fight the murderers #39; President Bush stressed the importance of spreading freedom in the world and defended his decision to invade Iraq in a speech Tuesday to the UN General Assembly.
Colombia Destroys Stockpiled Land Mines In eight thunderous explosions, Colombia blew up its remaining 6,800 stockpiled land mines, winning the praise of Jordan's visiting Queen Noor who said the move took courage given that the nation is still fighting an internal conflict.
Lebanon Arrests 10 Al-Qaeda Suspects, Foils Embassy Attack BEIRUT, 23 September 2004 - Lebanon arrested 10 members of a suspected Lebanese Al-Qaeda network, thereby thwarting a planned attack on the Italian Embassy in Beirut, Lebanese Interior Minister Elias Murr said yesterday.
No Deal on Ending Baghdad Clashes-Senior Sadr Aide The chief spokesman for rebel Iraqi cleric Moqtada al-Sadr said on Wednesday no deal had been agreed with Iraq #39;s government to end fighting in Baghdad #39;s Shi #39;ite slum district of Sadr City.
U.S. Tanks Move Toward Najaf Shrine, Clashes Kill 40  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. tanks rumbled to within 800  meters (yards) of a holy shrine in the Iraqi city of Najaf on  Sunday as fierce clashes with Shi'ite rebels in a nearby town  killed at least 40 Iraqis, officials said.
Explosives in second Russian jet Traces of explosive are found in the wreckage of a second crashed airliner, say Russian officials.
Japan extends SDF deployment in Iraq by one year TOKYO - Japan on Thursday extended the Self-Defense Forces mission in Iraq for a year through Dec 14, 2005. The cabinet endorsed the extension of the deployment of up to 600 ground troops in Iraq after the 
Grief-Stricken Russian Town Ends Mourning (AP) AP - Wailing and pounding their hands on dirt graves, hundreds of people dressed in black on Tuesday marked the end of the traditional 40-day mourning period for the children and adults killed after terrorists seized a school on the first day of classes.
Survey Confirms It: Women Outjuggle Men Working women spend about twice as much time as working men on household chores and the care of children, a Labor Department study showed.
Union  #39;Cautiously Optimistic #39; About Landing World #39;s First Fusion &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A consortium of major industrial nations has not been able to agree on where to build the world #39;s first nuclear fusion reactor, but the European Union is making it clear that one will be built in France, in any case.
Chirac #39;s Popularity Sinks on Turkey and Economy French President Jacques Chirac #39;s popularity has sunk to its lowest level in seven years because of fears over the economy and Turkey #39;s bid to join the European Union, an opinion poll showed Sunday.
Developments concerning Iraq Britain begins redeploying some 800 troops toward the restive area south of Baghdad area in a move aimed at freeing up US forces for an assault on insurgent areas north and west of the capital.
S Africans 'armed to the hilt' South African civilians own more guns than the police and military combined, a study finds.
Supporters say Truscott has been an inspiration of calm, quiet strength (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - It's the apparent absence of any bitterness or anger that makes Steven Truscott remarkable, his supporters say.
New Somali cabinet named in exile A new government is named for Somalia but it remains too dangerous for them to be based in the capital.
Blair to Urge End to Trans-Atlantic Rift British Prime Minister Tony Blair will stress the need for Europe and the United States to put differences over Iraq behind them and work together to tackle issues such as Middle East peace in a speech on Monday.
Museum Puts Life, Truth and, It Hopes, Sales in a Wine A new museum in Italy features exhibits that show the link between wine and the place it comes from.
