India Rallies as Australia Slumps; Warne Ties Record (Update1) Anil Kumble led a fightback by India, trailing 1-0 in the four-match cricket series, as Australia slumped to 235 all out on the first day of the second Test.
Ajax Amsterdam 0-1 Juventus: FT Report AMSTERDAM, September 15 (Champions League) - A moment of brilliance from Pavel Nedved was enough to give Juventus three points from their Champions League Group C opener against Ajax.
Marlins-Cubs Washed Out Saturday as Well  MIAMI (Sports Network) - The first two games of the Florida  Marlins-Chicago Cubs series at Pro Player Stadium scheduled for  Friday and Saturday have been postponed due to the impending  arrival of Hurricane Frances in the Miami area.
Appleby leads by a stroke in South Africa Stuart Appleby of Australia was the only player to break 70 Friday, shooting a 3-under-par 69 that left him with a one-stroke lead over Lee Westwood of England halfway through the Nedbank Golf Challenge.
England fall short at IRB awards Less than a year after walking away with the three top prizes, England have failed to receive a single nomination in any of the major categories for the annual International Rugby Board awards.
Gunners vs. Blues: Soon there may be only one contender Chelsea and Arsenal may be the only true contenders for the Premier League title. After Sunday, there could be only one left. If league-leading Chelsea beats the Gunners at Highbury, the Blues 
Rattay rallies, but effort falls short Turnovers near their opponents #39; goal line. Missed tackles near their own end zone. One 49ers quarterback after the other getting pummeled and injuring their shoulders.
 #39;Monday Night #39; flap gets FCC #39;s attention That steamy locker room opening to ABC #39;s  quot;Monday Night Football quot; continued to draw reaction Wednesday, most of it negative.
Pats set NFL record with 19th straight win Foxboro, MA (Sports Network) - Tom Brady threw for a pair of scores and Corey Dillon ran for 94 yards, as the New England Patriots set an NFL record with their 19th consecutive victory in a 24-10 triumph over the winless Miami Dolphins at Gillette Stadium 
Canas seals third title Guillermo Canas wrapped up the Shanghai Open title with consummate ease on Sunday following a 6-1 6-0 win against Lars Burgsmuller.
Birminghams Gronkjaer going to Spain MADRID: Atletico Madrid is close to signing Denmark #39;s Jesper Gronkjaer (pic) from Birmingham City, the Spanish club #39;s president said on Wednesday.
Red Bull car to make February debut Red Bull Racing will launch their 2005 Formula One car at the Jerez circuit in southern Spain on February 7. The Austrian energy drink brand bought the British-based Jaguar team from 
Trotter, defense step up Jeremiah Trotter got his revenge Sunday, leading an Eagles defense that pounded the Redskins - the team that released Trotter this summer.
Courtney Brown Tells Browns He'll Be Back (AP) AP - Courtney Brown refuses to surrender to injuries. He's already planning another comeback.
It #39;s last gasp Liverpool A STUNNING injury-time Neil Mellor goal gave Liverpool a deserved Premiership win at Anfield today. The defeat was only the second in 55 league games for the champions.
Class of '01 may graduate to free agency It happens at this time every year. And no, it's not the World Series or the Head of the Charles.
Usual favorites picked in CCHA; WMU 7th In what is becoming as predictable as Groundhog #39;s Day, Michigan and Michigan State again topped the preseason polls at the Central Collegiate Hockey Association #39;s media day Tuesday at Joe Louis Arena.
No timetable for Expos move com. Despite reports to the contrary, Major League Baseball has yet to set up a timetable for a decision on the future of the Montreal Expos and a possible move to Washington, DC, baseball #39;s No.
Bryant Trial Opens With Jury Selection EAGLE, Colo. Aug. 27, 2004 - Some 500 potential jurors began arriving at the courthouse here Friday, the first step toward choosing 12 people who will decide whether NBA star Kobe Bryant is guilty of sexually assaulting a resort worker last summer.
Plenty At Stake - Wednesday 22, September-2004 SOUTHHAMPTON - West Indies want to redeem a disappointing summer with a place in the Champions Trophy final while Pakistan are equally as eager to continue its resurgence under new coach Bob Woolmer.
This weekend's key New England games WILLIAM  amp; MARY (0-1) vs. UNH (2-0) When and where: Tomorrow at noon in Durham, N.H. Last season: William  amp; Mary won, 38-28. Comments: The 10th-ranked Wildcats have jumped out to a 2-0 start behind the surprising play of redshirt freshman quarterback Ricky Santos. Since stepping in for an injured Mike Granieri, Santos has completed 40-of-51 pass attempts for 531 ...
SI.com OAKLAND, California (Ticker) -- The Oakland Athletics made sure that Miguel Tejada  #39;s return was an unhappy one. Oakland rallied for three runs in the sixth inning and Tim Hudson allowed one earned run in 
One week into lockout: No talks, no progress It #39;s been a week without progress in the NHL lockout. So far, there have been no overtures from the league or the players to resume talks to save a season that is already starting to slip away.
Harrington Wins in Germany to End Slump (AP) AP - Padraig Harrington rallied to a three-stroke victory in the German Masters on a windy Sunday, closing with a 2-under-par 70 and giving his game a big boost before the Ryder Cup.
Ecclestone: No more talks Bernie Ecclestone says he #39;s not prepared to negotiate his offer to promote the British Grand Prix at Silverstone. The race was given provisional status on the 2005 Formula One calendar, pending successful 
Congressman says he may hold hearings on Hamm case WASHINGTON - The chairman of the House Judiciary Committee said Friday he may hold hearings on how US and international gymnastic officials handled the case of Paul Hamm #39;s Olympic gold medal.
The Last Word / Deconstructing Klinger There is no reason whatsoever to be surprised by the way Ajax Amsterdam swept past Maccabi Tel Aviv last night. Ajax had to win last night and it did so almost effortlessly, making a joke of Nir Klinger #39;s 
Tigers torment Miss. St. BATON ROUGE, La. -- Alley Broussard ran for a career-high three touchdowns in the first 17 minutes and No. 13 Louisiana State held Mississippi State to seven first downs and 130 yards in a 51-0 blowout yesterday.
Martinez Ends Losing Steak as Red Sox Beat Angels (Reuters) Reuters - Pedro Martinez pitched seven\strong innings to end his losing streak and lead the Boston Red\Sox to an 8-3 victory over the Anaheim Angels in the second\game of an American League Division series on Wednesday.
Hanson chasing number six Australian swimmer Brooke Hanson will be chasing her sixth gold medal at the World Short Course Championships in Indianapolis later this morning.
Gardner Puts Down Boots to Begin New Life  ATHENS (Reuters) - A giant man placing his blue boots in  the center of a yellow mat would be a strange sight to the  uninitiated.
Leak, Gators bounce back GAINESVILLE, Fla. -- Chris Leak threw three touchdown passes, DeShawn Wynn scored three times, and No. 22 Florida (4-2) rebounded from a home loss to LSU with a 52-16 victory over Middle Tennessee yesterday.
NFL Game Summary - Indianapolis at Detroit Detroit, MI (Sports Network) - Peyton Manning continued his amazing season, tying a career-high with six touchdown passes, as Indianapolis trounced Detroit, 41-9, in the traditional Thanksgiving Day game at Ford Field.
Erickson plans to stick with Niners for now Coach Dennis Erickson is in no hurry to leave the San Francisco 49ers just yet. Erickson responded to the circling rumors about his future Monday, saying he thinks he #39;ll still be employed by the 2-11 Niners at least until January.
Eskimos chill Stampeders CALGARY -- After losing the annual Labour Day Classic last year to the Calgary Stampeders, the Edmonton Eskimos wanted revenge. The Eskimos built up a 19-0 first-half lead and held on for a 25-7 win yesterday 
Despatie heads into final Athens - Alexandre Despatie of Laval, Que., is in third place heading into Tuesday afternoon #39;s three-metre springboard diving final, advancing easily out of the morning semi-final, although teammate Philippe Comtois of Montreal failed to qualify.
Schilling Out of  Game 5 Boston ace Curt Schilling will not start Game 5 of the ALCS on Sunday because of an injured right ankle. Derek Lowe will start in his place.
Wenger disappointed with over-cautiousness  quot;I feel we did not go forward enough and were a little bit within ourselves when we were 1-0 up, we were a little bit cautious.
Robson sacked by Newcastle NEWCASTLE, England: Bobby Robson #39;s five-year reign as Newcastle United manager ended yesterday when he paid the price for his side #39;s poor start to the season and growing dressing room unrest.
Denver's Rodney White Suspended by NBA (AP) AP - Denver Nuggets forward Rodney White was suspended without pay for one game by the NBA on Thursday for pleading guilty to unlawful possession of a weapon.
Lockyer inspires then frightens Australia Australia #39;s captain, Darren Lockyer, inspired them to a Tri-Nations victory over New Zealand at the second attempt, but they had to lift their game in the second half at a packed Loftus Road.
UPDATE 3-Barca and Real continue perfect start to season A classy free kick from Real Madrid #39;s David Beckham and smart goals from Barcelona new boys Ludovic Giuly and Henrik Larsson allowed both teams to maintain their 
NBA Wrap: Magic Stun New Grizzlies Coach Fratello  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Grant Hill posted 23 points and seven  assists to hand Mike Fratello his first defeat as team coach as  the Orlando Magic downed the Memphis Grizzlies 96-91 Saturday.
Klitschko visits hospital but no bones broken After returning from the hospital at around midnight, WBC heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko met with the press to discuss his eighth-round knockout victory over Danny Williams Saturday night on HBO Pay-Per-View at Mandalay Bay Resort  amp; Casino, his 
Jamal Lewis Suspended for Two Games (Reuters) Reuters - Baltimore Ravens running back\Jamal Lewis was suspended for two games without pay and fined\an additional two weeks' salary by the league on Friday for\violating the NFL substance abuse policy.
Ten-man Monaco hold on to keep top spot in France French league leaders Monaco held on for a 0-0 draw against Lyon in their top-of-the-table clash at the Gerland stadium although they were down to 10 men for the final half hour.
No. 2 Kan. Trounces La.-Lafayette, 96-51 (AP) AP - Keith Langford had 19 of his 24 points in a torrid first half that propelled second-ranked Kansas over Louisiana-Lafayette 96-51 Saturday night.
On deck: Padres (79-68) at Giants (82-65) Tonight #39;s game: In their only outing against Lowry this season, coming after the rookie relieved Schmidt, the Padres amassed nine hits and four runs in three innings.
Disparity Is Growing Between Conferences The N.F.C. has only one presumed heavyweight, the Philadelphia Eagles. By contrast, 10 victories in the A.F.C. might not be enough for some teams to reach the playoffs.
Clippers 88, Pacers 76 Elton Brand scored 27 points, Bobby Simmons added 20 and the Los Angeles Clippers barely held on to beat the short-handed Indiana Pacers 88-76 on Wednesday night for their fifth straight victory.
Brady grades plan a D FOXBOROUGH -- His status as two-time Super Bowl Most Valuable Player has given Tom Brady the opportunity to endorse not only products but the strategies of his team. And while he may be speaking highly -- while being paid handsomely -- of various commercial items, the same can't be said of his remarks about a particular experiment taking place with ...
India looking to submerge Bangladesh in run deluge Chittagong, Dec. 17 (PTI): India will look to pile up a huge first innings score to back their bowlers on a flat, lifeless track in the second and final cricket Test against Bangladesh, vice-captain Rahul Dravid said here today.
Radcliffe, Raamala win New York marathon race Britain #39;s world record holder Paula Radcliffe won the women #39;s New York marathon in two hours 23 minutes 10 seconds on Sunday in the race #39;s closest finish and redeem herself 
Brooks gets into the flow TEMPE - Before yesterday, Brooks Bollinger was last seen in the final preseason game, leading the Jets to 21 unanswered points in the final five minutes to defeat the Eagles.
Rockets 92, Hawks 69 Tracy McGrady had 25 points and Yao Ming scored 23 to lead the Houston Rockets past the Atlanta Hawks 92-69 on Wednesday night. It was the biggest blowout of the season for Houston, which won for the fourth time in five games.
Series proves baseball in October has no rival For all the polls that show how football is now America's most popular game, the Yankees-Red Sox showdown for the American League pennant is this year's sweet reminder that October baseball is the best game, the best theater in sports for moments to remember.
Celtic captain McNamara ruled out by injury Celtic captain Jackie McNamara will be ruled out for at least a month due to an ankle ligament damage sustained in the Scottish champions #39; 3-1 Champions League defeat to Barcelona on Tuesd ay.
Singh makes remarkable recovery New world number one Vijay Singh completed an impressive turnaround despite bad weather interrupting his first round at the Bell Canadian Open.
Federer beats Roddick again For the third time this year, Roger Federer defeated Andy Roddick to win a tournament - the top seed easily winning 6-4, 6-0 to pick up the \$550,000 Thailand Open.
Davenport regains No. 1 ranking American Lindsay Davenport regained the No. 1 ranking in the world for the first time since early 2002 by defeating Dinara Safina of Russia 6-4, 6-2 in the second round of the Kremlin Cup on Thursday.
RAMPANT PAKISTAN ON SHOULDER OF SRI LANKA Pakistan are closing in fast on Sri Lanka #39;s first innings total after impressing with both ball and bat on the second day of the opening Test in Faisalabad.
Let baseball solve its own problems Ever vigilant for new frontiers of American life where Congress can dictate the rules of behavior, elected officials in the nation #39;s capital have cast their eye on Major League Baseball.
Model ball girls cause a stir A troupe of models streamed on to the court of the Madrid Masters tennis tournament today - and into the centre of a controversy about whether they were trivialising the competition.
Yao Ming and Rockets Arrive in Shanghai Houston Rockets #39; Yao Ming answers a question from journalists during a press conference for the NBA China 2004 game Tuesday, Oct. 12, 2004 in Shanghai, China.
Juve on top as Messina shock Milan ROME, Italy -- Juventus increased their advantage at the top of Serie A with a 2-0 victory over Sampdoria in Genoa on Wednesday to extend their 100 per cent start to the season.
Diversity lags in college leaders The low number of minorities coaching in college football reflects a lack of diversity among college and conference leaders, according to a University of Central Florida study.
U.S. Furious at Proposal That Hamm Return His Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - U.S. Olympic chiefs reacted furiously  Friday to a suggestion gold medallist Paul Hamm should give his  medal to a South Korean rival under a plan floated by world  gymnastics officials.
Beckham #39;s not finished, says Eriksson England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has backed his under-fire captain David Beckham to rediscover his best form. Midfielder Beckham received particular 
Celtics snap skid, beating Sonics 98-84 Gary Payton is way too much for second-year pro Luke Ridnour to handle. That #39;s why the Boston Celtics have notched two of Seattle #39;s four losses this season.
Wrexham Handed Two-Week Stay of Execution Wrexham have been given a stay of execution after the High Court granted the club more time to solve their financial problems. However, the Coca-Cola League Two outfit have been given just two weeks to sort out the crisis or face a winding-up order.
Cards #39; power leaves Astros all wet ST. LOUIS -- The battle between the Houston Astros #39; unheralded Pete Munro and the St. Louis Cardinals #39; Matt Morris was a surprising push.
Expo #39;s Kim Can #39;t End Win Drought Another good start by Kim Sun-woo went to waste as the Montreal Expos frittered away a two-run lead in the seventh inning before finally beating the Chicago Cubs 7-6 in 12 innings in Tuesdays MLB game in Chicago.
Mets Are on Verge of Signing Martnez as Boston Bows Out The Mets are close to signing Pedro Martnez to a four-year contract for \$56 million, according to a person involved in the negotiations.
India have it easy against Kenya Sourav Ganguly led from the front with a judicious 90 as India beat Kenya by 98 runs in their opening Group C match in the ICC Champions Trophy, at the Rose Bowl, Southampton, on Saturday.
European team starts to take shape Luke Donald made an early charge in a late bid to make his first Ryder Cup team, but now must wait one week to see if European captain Bernhard Langer finds him worthy of a captain #39;s pick.
FOOTBALL: WENGER #39;S PAT ON THE BACK ARSENE WENGER fears title rivals Chelsea will break the bank to sign Steven Gerrard during the January transfer window but said he is still not as good as Patrick Vieira.
Wiggins adds Britain #39;s 2nd velodrome gold Britain #39;s Bradley Wiggins won the gold medal in men #39;s individual pursuit Saturday, finishing the 4,000-meter final in 4:16.
Backers In Line for Reward DC Mayor Anthony A. Williams has persuaded seven of the council #39;s 13 members to line up in support of his baseball financing plan by slipping more than \$70 million in 
Astros pass Cubs in wild-card race The Houston Astros pushed closer to a playoff berth, winning their club-record 15th straight home game by beating the St. Louis Cardinals, 6-4, last night.
Ranieri salutes  #39;incredible #39; Inter Valencia coach Claudio Ranieri said he could do little more than salute opponents Inter Milan after their crushing 5-1 victory over his side at the Mestalla on Wednesday.
Huskies upset Gophers in OT The Washington women #39;s basketball team played a thriller at Hec Edmundson Pavilion last night, coming from behind to defeat Minnesota in overtime 72-67.
Warriors Beat Kings in Preseason Opener (AP) AP - Mike Dunleavy scored 17 points and the Golden State Warriors opened the preseason for new coach Mike Montgomery with a 97-79 win over the Sacramento Kings on Sunday night.
Wolfsburg lose second straight Wolfsburg, Germany (Sports Network) - Wolfsburg #39;s magical start to the season is fading fast as the club lost for the third time in four matches Saturday, 3-2 against Hertha Berlin.
Coulthard given Red Bull lifeline David Coulthard could have a Formula One future in 2005 with the new Red Bull Racing team. Red Bull completed a takeover of Jaguar on Monday and are expected to retain the services of Christian Klien.
Clijsters Wins on Comeback  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgian Kim Clijsters made a  successful return from a long absence Wednesday, overcoming  dogged Czech Iveta Benesova 7-6, 6-2 in the second round of the  Belgian Open.
Wadlow, Spaulding finally get a windfall ATHENS -- The fastest 49er on the Saronic Gulf yesterday was the one with the American flag spinnaker.
Rae got what he deserved - Dadu The player kicked in the head by Alex Rae believes the five-match ban imposed on the Rangers midfielder was just. 
Boro snatch a point Middlesbrough came from nowhere to deprive Harry Redknapp of victory in his first match in charge of Southampton with two goals in the dying minutes to snatch a 2-2 draw.
Wallace Returns, Pistons Lose Spurs 80, Pistons 77 SAN ANTONIO -- With big, bad Ben Wallace back in the lineup, the Detroit Pistons almost rallied from a big deficit for a big win. A bigger night from their big man might #39;ve helped.
South African wins Madrid Open by two shots to assure European &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Richard Sterne of South Africa shot a 5-under-par 65 and rallied to win the one-million-euro (\$1.5-million Cdn) Madrid Open by two shots Sunday, ensuring the 23-year-old of another year on the European tour.
CHIEFS OUT TO AVOID 0-4 START Heading into Monday night #39;s game against the Baltimore Ravens, the Kansas City Chiefs are looking to avoid going 0-4 for the first time since 1980.
Kovalcheck tapped for 1st start TUCSON - Beach bum or quarterback? Richard Kovalcheck is out to prove he can be both for the University of Arizona football team. The redshirt freshman #39;s laid-back demeanor was not appreciated by last year #39;s 
Champions League: Group F - Celtic make great point and round up From a British perspective the big story from Group F is that Celtic bow out of the Champions League after a 1-1 draw with Barcelona in the Nou Camp.
Safin Outclasses Hewitt, Heads for Paris Treble  PARIS (Reuters) - Twice winner Marat Safin outshone Lleyton  Hewitt in straight sets at the Paris Masters on Friday and  looks ideally placed to be crowned for a third time here.
UPDATE 1-Henman hits back to level with Austria Tim Henman finally found form to drag Britain level at 2-2 in their Davis Cup World Group playoff in Austria on Sunday with just one singles match at Portschach remaining.
Fight Mars Clemson Win Players from both teams brawl late in Clemson's 29-7 victory over South Carolina. Coach Lou Holtz, 67, dives into the pile as peacemaker in his regular-season finale with the Gamecocks.
AFC powers meet in season opener New England Patriots wide receiver Chas Gessner (18) is brought down by Jacksonville Jaguars safety Deke Cooper (35) in the second quarter of preseason NFL play, last Thursday in Foxboro, Mass.
Dodgers 3, Giants 2 Shawn Green can sit out Saturday knowing he was a huge help to the Dodgers during their crucial series against San Francisco. Green hit a two-run homer in Los Angeles #39; 3-2 victory over the Giants on Friday 
Werder Bremen #39;s Ismael claims unwanted record MILAN September 15 (SW) - Werder Bremens Valerian Ismael earned himself an unenviable place in Champions League record books after only five minutes of his teams 2-0 defeat at Inter when the French defender became the recipient of the fastest 
NFL ROUNDUP: Steelers ground Eagles  The Pittsburgh Steelers are doing things never seen before in the NFL, largely because of rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger.
Schilling to appear with Bush in NH One of the heros of the World Series will be in the political spotlight Friday in New Hampshire. Boston Red Sox pitching ace Curt Schilling is appearing with President Bush Friday.
Dolphins talking to LSU #39;s Saban Miami Dolphins owner Wayne Huizenga and president Eddie Jones met with LSU coach Nick Saban in Baton Rouge, La., on Tuesday night, in what both sides called  quot;a preliminary conversation quot; about the team #39;s search for a coach.
Olympics: Thorpe Beats Phelps as U.S. Suffers Gold Gap  ATHENS (Reuters) - Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe beat  arch-rival Michael Phelps in the men's 200-meter freestyle on  Monday as the United States trailed China, Australia and Japan  in the medals table on day three of the Olympic Games.
Jaguars quarterback out indefinitely Jaguars quarterback Byron Leftwich is out indefinitely after spraining his lateral collateral ligament in his left knee in Sunday #39;s 20-6 loss to Houston.
U.S. Ties Jamaica 1-1 in Cup Qualifier (AP) AP - Brian Ching and Cobi Jones, a pair of substitutes, saved the United States against Jamaica on Wednesday night.
Colorado State Limits Alcohol at Stadium (AP) AP - Following the death of a female student and two off-campus riots, Colorado State University officials on Thursday said alcohol sales for most of its football stadium would be suspended until at least Feb. 1.
NBA Today (AP) AP - New Jersey at Cleveland (7 p.m. EST). The Central Division-leading Cavaliers are 7-3 in their last 10 games.
Ramirez injured as Red Sox beat Tigers 5-3 for 10th win in 11 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Manny Ramirez banged a ball off his knee. Keith Foulke had a stiff back. Neither was available at the end of the game, and yet the Boston Red Sox keep winning.
Now the tears are of joy In a matter of 11 days, they turned the baseball world upside down. The Boston Red Sox, a franchise that had cornered the market on hardball heartache, that had shed too many tears and endured too many disappointments, vowed this time to alter history.
Major Leaguers Take 3-0 Lead in Japan (AP) AP - The Japanese won the pregame home run derby. Then the game started and the major league All-Stars put their bats to work. Back-to-back home runs by Moises Alou and Vernon Wells in the fourth inning and by Johnny Estrada and Brad Wilkerson in the ninth powered the major leaguers past the Japanese stars 7-3 Sunday for a 3-0 lead in the eight-game series.
Gators upset again he Florida Gators were upset 38-31 by Mississippi State, who entered the game with a 1-5 record, including a loss to Div-IAA Maine.
McCown benched; Cardinals offense continues to struggle Arizona Cardinals head coach Dennis Green said last week that his team #39;s offensive system was the best in the league. Apparently the rest of the league never received the memo.
With a Bang, Boston Takes the Pole Position Mark Bellhorn struck the right-field foul pole with a two-run homer in the eighth inning, lifting the Boston Red Sox to an 11-9 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals in Game 1.
Busch Picks Up Honors at NASCAR Awards (AP) AP - Kurt Busch's busy week of celebration was capped Friday night with his acceptance of NASCAR's Nextel Cup championship trophy.
Pioneer defense clears the path For all of the CMass football fanatics out there, it's time to breathe easy. Division 1 has a champion and it's none other than St. John's of Shrewsbury.
Davenport remains on title streak Top-seeded Lindsay Davenport claimed her fourth consecutive championship on Sunday with a 6-3, 6-2 victory over second-seeded Vera Zvonareva in the Western and Southern Women #39;s Open in Mason, Ohio.
Woods Marries Swedish Model in Barbados Tiger Woods married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at an exclusive resort in Barbados during a sunset ceremony that reportedly cost \$1.5 million.
Cubs Trade for DiFelice, Grieve  MONTREAL (Sports Network) - The Chicago Cubs acquired  catcher Mike DiFelice from the Detroit Tigers and outfielder  Ben Grieve from Milwaukee, both for a player to be named later,  Tuesday.
Silverstone date can be saved - Sir Jackie SIR JACKIE Stewart is optimistic that Silverstone can take its place on next years Formula One calendar. Talks between Formula One chiefs and Silverstones owners are understood to be at an advanced stage 
Los Angeles Lakers Team Report - December 1 (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Lakers go for their third straight victory and seventh in nine games this evening, when they battle the listless Chicago Bulls at the United Center.
Point of fact: Miller among elite When Andre Miller led the NBA with 10.9 assists a game in 2001-02, he had the first stamp of success required to enter the league #39;s pantheon of premier point guards.
Bledsoe, Bills keep rumbling MIAMI -- In a shootout worthy of Dan Marino and Jim Kelly, Drew Bledsoe threw four touchdown passes, and the Buffalo Bills forced seven Miami turnovers to maintain their late-season surge by beating A.J. Feeley and the Dolphins, 42-32, yesterday. Feeley threw three touchdown passes, all in the first 12 1/2 minutes. He also had a hand in six turnovers, ...
Spain lead United State 2-0 in Davis Cup final Rafael Nadal upset Andy Roddick 6-7 (8-6), 6-2, 7-6 (8-6), 6-2 to give Spain a 2-0 lead over the United States in the Davis Cup final in Seville, Spain, on Friday.
SEC title all Tigers get ATLANTA - Auburn probably will have to be content with a SEC championship because the Tigers aren #39;t likely to get a shot at the title they want.
US hosts Croatia in next year #39;s Davis Cup 1st round Top-seeded Spain plays at Slovakia, while No. 2 United States hosts Croatia in the opening round of next year #39;s Davis Cup World Group.
Names in the Game MIAMI - Dan Marino suspects the Miami Dolphins need to consider an overhaul if they are to regroup after the worst starts in team history.
Arsenal under pressure as Chelsea, Man Utd Win English Premiere League leaders Chelsea continued their good form in the recent weeks with another spectacular win over Charlton Athletic.
Annika achieves historic four-peat OTSU (Japan): World number-one Annika Sorenstam shot into the history books with a solid nine-stroke victory in the Mizuno Classic yesterday, becoming only the second player to win an LPGA event four years in a row.
Gators May Fire Zook There is a report that Florida will fire third-year football coach Ron Zook this afternoon. Zook replaced Steve Spurrier after the 2001 season.
Everton to Respond to United #39;s Rooney Offer Everton were today expected to respond to Manchester Uniteds offer for Wayne Rooney after the Old Trafford club joined Newcastle in the bidding war for the England striker.
WORLD RALLY NEWS Minor scare for Sainz ahead of final event. Carlos Sainz gave his fans and his Citroen team a minor scare ahead of Rally Australia after an accident forced the Spaniard to go to hospital.
Wales let chance in a million slip as lacklustre All Blacks fail &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; IT IS tempting to say that Wales will be kicking themselves for weeks over this one, but in truth, it will be for years. Wales last beat their greatest rivals as long ago as 1953 when the great Bleddyn Williams 
Fans offside as tycoons target English clubs DIVIDED down the years by the rawest rivalry in English football, Manchester United and Liverpool found their histories converging at the weekend as both clubs braced themselves for imminent takeover.
Funny Cide Wins Cup Funny Cide storms into the lead down the stretch and pulls away for a sweet victory in the rain in the \$1 million Jockey Club Gold Cup at Belmont Park on Saturday.
To Yao, Shaq looms large HOUSTON  As the Rockets approached Sunday #39;s exhibition against the Heat at Toyota Center, Houston center Yao Ming was asked about yet another matchup against Shaquille O #39;Neal.
Perry Out for Season Eagles running back Bruce Perry will miss his rookie season after dislocating a shoulder in an exhibition game against the New England Patriots.
Basketball: Moscow fumes as Utah Jazz pulls out of NBA date MOSCOW : Russian basketball champions CSKA Moscow said they were disappointed that NBA giants Utah Jazz had pulled out off a planned exhibition match here because of security fears.
New York Yankees Team Report - September 21 (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees will try to strengthen their hold on first place in the American league East this evening when they continue their three- game series with the Toronto Blue Jays at Yankee Stadium.
Graham Lauds Mr. O'Brien For soft-spoken trainer Robin Graham, calling the 5-year-old gelding Mr. O'Brien "great" in workouts for Saturday's Breeders' Cup Mile is downright effusive.
Walpole's victory feels like old times WALTHAM -- Certain programs are expected to compete for championships every year in local high school sports, such as Catholic Memorial in ice hockey and Everett in football.
Ready to Get Started Cavaliers coach Pete Gillen believes his team is better than last season, but the improvement may not be enough to help Virginia contend in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Juventus held to 1-1 draw, nine-man Bologna stuns AS Roma 3-1 Serie A leader Juventus was held to a 1-1 draw by newcomer Palermo on Saturday, losing its perfect record in the fourth round. The Sicilian team, which has been off to an impressive start 
Chelsea v Porto Defender Wayne Bridge is in contention for Chelsea after missing the weekend win at Middlesbrough due to a knock suffered in the draw against Tottenham.
Formula One may get rival in 2008 GPWC Holdings, which groups the major Formula One carmakers, has appointed consultants to prepare the ground for the introduction of a rival grand prix series in 2008.
World #39;s best still no match for champ Els Ernie Els won the World Match Play Championship for a record sixth time on his 35th birthday yesterday, beating Lee Westwood 2 and 1. That gave Els the \$1.
Moyes Dreams of European Adventure David Moyes spoke of his desire to lead Everton into Europe after signing a new contract which will keep him at Goodison Park until 2009.
USA plays inspired, but falls to No. 1 Hungary in water polo ATHENS, Greece  With flag-waving, chanting Hungarians creating a chaotic atmosphere at the Olympic Aquatic Center yesterday morning, a young water polo team from the United States discovered something about itself. 
Guo wins gold in 3m springborad diving China finished one-two through Guo Jingjing and Wu Minxia in the women #39;s 3m springboard diving final at the Olympic Games on Thursday.
Lightning Re-Sign Captain Andreychuk (AP) AP - The Tampa Bay Lightning re-signed captain Dave Andreychuk to a one-year contract Tuesday.
Colts Thrive in Grueling Four-Game Stretch (AP) AP - Indianapolis Colts defensive tackle Montae Reagor could feel the weariness long before Thursday's game at Detroit. The constant hits, the barrage of meetings, the quick pivots from game plan to game plan had already worn down his body and mind. But Reagor and his teammates never succumbed to the Colts' most grueling test of the season  #151; playing four games in 18 days.
Mutu apologizes, turns down offer to become Romanian assistant &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu apologized Tuesday for his positive cocaine test and said he will turn down an offer to become an assistant coach for the Romanian national team.
GB boss defends swimmers Britain's swimming coach Bill Sweetenham defends his team's record in Athens.
CLEVELAND PITCHER SHOT IN CALF ON TOUR BUS A pitcher for the Cleveland Indians is recovering from a shooting after Wednesday nights game. Rookie Kyle Denney was struck in his calf.
One down, one to go All in all, there #39;s a lot happening for a team that #39;s been out of the pennant race for three, maybe four months. Seattle missed a chance to deal a body blow to another contender yesterday.
Is This the Week Patriots #39; Streak Ends? Is This the Week the Patriots #39; Streak Ends? New England Favored by 6 1/2 Points Over Jets. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, center, is sandwiched in a sack by New York Jets linebacker Sam Cowart 
Queen honours former Chelsea star Gianfranco Zola Former Chelsea star Gianfranco Zola has been chosen by the Queen to become an honorary citizen of the British empire. British ambassador to Italy Sir Ivor Roberts will present Zola with the honour Monday  quot;for his service to British football.
Singh Stays on Track for Fifth Win in Six Starts  FARMINGTON, Pennsylvania (Reuters) - World number one Vijay  Singh remained on course for his fifth win in six starts when  he shot a four-under-par 68 in the second round of the \$4.2  million Pennsylvania Classic Friday.
Defending champion Capriati ousted by Dechy in New Haven Jennifer Capriati #39;s preparations for next week #39;s US Open were dealt a body blow when she lost 6-4 7-5 to eighth seed Nathalie Dechy of France in the quarter-finals of the \$585,000 New Haven Open on Thursday.
On a Slow Court, Spain Is Quicker The first day of the Davis Cup final between Spain and the United States made history as a record 27,200 spectators took their seats under the temporary roof in the Estadio Olimpico.
Athens brings out best in Anju AUGUST 27: Say sorry to everybody, she said. No, we wont. Anju Bobby George owes India no apologies. On a night of magic but not quite miracle, Anju broke her own Indian long jump record by 
Tsoumeleka Wins Greece's First Track Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Athanasia Tsoumeleka won Greece's first  athletics gold of the Olympic Games Monday with an upset  victory in the women's 20km walk.
NL Wrap: Lamb on Fire as Astros Roast Slumping Pirates Mike Lamb homered, drove in four runs and had four hits as the streaking Houston Astros beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10-5 in National League play at Minute Maid Park Sunday, their ninth straight victory.
Man City v Tottenham Stuart Pearce has placed an early claim on the Manchester City job when Kevin Keegan steps down as manager in 18 months #39; time.
Scotland player ratings Craig Gordon: Could not be faulted for the loss of the goal and made a tremendous save at the beginning of the second half to deny Serghei Dadu.
Louisville holds off Memphis Eric Shelton scored his fourth touchdown with 37 seconds left, and No. 14 Louisville held off Memphis, 56-49, last night.
Eagles open to rave reviews Owens, Westbrook and McNabb have &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PHILADELPHIA  For the Philadelphia Eagles, it was a case of in with the new, and also in with some of the old. For the New York Giants, it was more of what has become the same stale story.
Let's just acknowledge their superiority BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- Four out of five is a bit more than a trend, wouldn't you say?
Tennis: Storm delays Britain #39;s Davis Cup match in Austria PORTSCHACH, Austria: Thunder, lightning and incessant rain delayed the start of the Davis Cup World Group play-off tie between Austria and Great Britain.
McNair let out of hospital Titans QB Steve McNair was released from a Nashville hospital after a two-night stay for treatment of a bruised sternum. McNair was injured during the fourth quarter of the Titans #39; 15-12 loss to Jacksonville on Sunday.
Canas tops Novak in Shanghai semis Shanghai, China (Sports Network) - Third-seeded Argentine Guillermo Canas recorded an easy straight-set win over second-seeded Czech Jiri Novak in Saturday #39;s semifinals at the \$380,000 Heineken Open Shanghai.
Blackburn Appoints Wales Soccer Coach Mark Hughes as Manager Blackburn Rovers, which has yet to win a game in English soccer #39;s Premiership this season, said it appointed Wales coach Mark Hughes to replace Graeme Souness as team manager.
Gold turns to dust ATHENS, Greece -- It #39;s over. The US men #39;s basketball team #39;s run in the Olympics. The US dominance in the sport at all.
U.S. Softball Team Posts Shutout No. 7 (AP) AP - Cat Osterman struck out 10 in six innings, Crystl Bustos homered and the United States completed a perfect run through the preliminary round with a 3-0 win over Taiwan on Friday, setting up a U.S.-Australia showdown in the semifinals.
Redskins Rookie Taylor Arrested on DUI Charges  ASHBURN, Va. (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins rookie  safety Sean Taylor was arrested on charges of driving under the  influence of alcohol and also refusing to take a breathalyzer  test.
Smarty Jones Casts Shadow Over Field Smarty Jones has been retired to stud in Kentucky, but his presence is felt among the other top 3-year-old thoroughbreds still racing.
OLDEST MAN DIES AT 113 November 21, 2004 -- DEWITT, NY - Fred Hale Sr., documented as the world #39;s oldest man, has died at age 113. Hale died peacefully Friday in his sleep at The Nottingham in suburban Syracuse, while trying to 
This week's schedule TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 CATHOLIC -- St. John's Prep at Malden Catholic, 6. GREATER BOSTON -- Somerville at Malden, 6:30; Cambridge at Medford, 7; Everett at Peabody, 7; Revere at Waltham, 7.
38 straight for A-B ACTON -- Lucky, good, whatever. En route to consecutive win No. 38, a 14-9 victory over Marshfield last night, Acton-Boxboro needed good fortune and talent.
FOOTBALL: REDS ARE SAVED BY THE BELL SIR ALEX FERGUSON was delighted to see Manchester United book a Carling Cup semi-final crack at Chelsea with a rapid-fire strike and no off-field dramas.
Barrichello delights home crowd in practice Brazilian Formula One driver Rubens Barrichello of Ferrari talks to the public after unveiling the new Ferrari 612 Scaglietti at the 23rd International Auto Show in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
 #39;Canes keep reeling CLEMSON 24, MIAMI 17: A week after a loss to North Carolina, the  #39;Canes let the Tigers rally from 14 points down. By Associated Press.
Russians dominate home tournament Anastasia Myskina and Nikolay Davydenko won singles championships Sunday at the Kremlin Cup, then teamed with compatriots to capture the women #39;s and men #39;s doubles finals as Russia swept all four titles.
Moreno aids United Alecko Eskandarian had two goals and Jaime Moreno three assists, leading D.C. United to a 3-0 win over the Dallas Burn yesterday at Washington.
First Test, Day one, Aus v NZ Stephen Fleming #39;s decision to bat first didn #39;t look the correct one at first as Michael Kasprowicz ripped though the tourists #39; top order, taking all of the first three wickets to fall, including Fleming for a duck.
Ortiz Homer Keeps Red Sox Hopes Alive  BOSTON (Reuters) - David Ortiz smacked a two-run homer in  the bottom of the 12th inning to give the Red Sox a 6-4 victory  over the New York Yankees on Monday, enabling Boston to avoid a  sweep in the American League Championship Series.
European Tour stats attack Mr Accuracy Henrik Stenson played some of the best golf of the season to run away with The Heritage at Woburn #39;s treacherous Duke #39;s Course.
Wright is right again LAS VEGAS -- Shane Mosley gave Winky Wright his big chance. After beating Mosley a second time, Wright is now ready to cash in on it.
Montoya tops Brazilian GP practice times Juan Pablo Montoya was fastest in the first practice session today for the Brazilian Grand Prix, and a young test driver surprisingly came second ahead of Ferrari #39;s top drivers.
Kiwis earn draw in Auckland AUCKLAND: New Zealand produced a superb fight back to hold Australia to a 16-16 draw in the opening game of the Tri-Nations series in Auckland.
Culpepper Named NFC Offensive Player Of The Week Minnesota Vikings quarterback Daunte Culpepper has been named the NFC Offensive Player of the Week. It #39;s the second time this season Culpepper has won that honor, and the fifth time in his career.
Molik stays on course for second tournament win in row Alicia Molik came back to beat French teen Tatiana Golovin 3-6, 6-4, 6-4 in the SEAT Open quarterfinals Friday, moving closer to winning her second WTA Tour title in two weeks.
Chelsea lose and CSKA Moscow drop out despite victory PARIS: Captain Sergei Semak grabbed a hat-trick as CSKA Moscow won 3-1 at Paris St Germain on Tuesday but a late goal in Porto denied the Russian team a place in the knockout stages of the Champions League, handing Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich a 
Michael Phelps Forced To Withdraw From Swimming Championships US Olympic swimming champion Michael Phelps, was forced to withdraw from competition at the Short Course World Swimming Championships in Indianapolis because of back pain.
Knicks Defeat Nets, 87-79 (AP) AP - Jamal Crawford scored 30 points in a game otherwise defined by offensive ineptitude  #151; such as the New York Knicks holding the New Jersey Nets without a basket for 15 minutes  #151; in an 87-79 victory Tuesday night.
Angels pass Yankee test In a season filled with false starts and unfulfilled promise, the Angels know better than to get too excited at one weekend of achievement.
Arsenal midfielder Edu suffers broken toe Arsenal midfielder Edu, who had just returned to the lineup after a calf injury, broke a toe in the Gunners #39; 3-1 Carling Cup win over Everton on Tuesday.
Federer and Henman Advance at U.S. Open Top-seeded Roger Federer made it to the U.S. Open quarterfinals when Andrei Pavel pulled out with a herniated disc in his lower back. Tim Henman also advanced today.
Loyalties divided, but a connection remains Some guys can do it. Some guys can look past the faces and the memories and the feelings and the history and see only a uniform. It is the World Series, and there is no room for sentiment or friendship. If you are a member of the Boston Red Sox, every member of the St. Louis Cardinals must be the ...
UPDATE 1-Solberg maintains lead, Loeb in third World champion Petter Solberg has strengthened his lead after winning the final stage in leg one of the Rally of Italy on Friday. Championship leader Sebastien Loeb is improving steadily in third.
AL Wrap: Schilling Helps Red Sox Keep Heat on Yankees (Reuters) Reuters - Curt Schilling won his major league\leading 18th game and David Ortiz hit his 35th home run as the\Boston Red Sox edged the Texas Rangers 6-5 in American League\at Fenway Park Sunday.
AU reaches highest BCS ranking AUBURN - Ah, easy street. No game this week. Light practices. And now Auburn is being touted as the No. 3 team in the Bowl Championship Series standings.
US Gymnast Goes From Oops to a Gold Medal THENS, Aug. 18 - After a disastrous landing on the vault that sent him stumbling off the mat and nearly into the judges #39; laps, Paul Hamm thought his night was over. 
No. 3 Auburn Wins SEC Championship (AP) AP - Jason Campbell threw for three touchdowns and accounted for more than 400 yards, leading No. 3 Auburn to a 38-28 victory over 15th-ranked Tennessee in the SEC championship game Saturday night.
Renewed focus ends nightmare ATHENS, Greece  It began with Allen Iverson  The Answer, the captain, the leader of Team USA  forgetting about the fractured bone in his right thumb and courageously hitting the floor against Greece in full regalia. 
Red Sox, Yankees Begin ALCS Battle (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees opened the American League Championship Series Tuesday night, a rematch of New York's seven-game victory last year. Curt Schilling (21-6) started for Boston against Mike Mussina (12-9).
Providence writes off Penn Dwight Brewington went 5 for 5 from 3-point range and scored a career-high 21 points last night, leading host Providence to an 89-52 win over Pennsylvania in the second round of the Preseason NIT.
Anaheim Angels Team Report - September 20 (Sports Network) - The Anaheim Angels will try to get back on the winning track and break an 18-inning scoreless drought when they open up a crucial three-game set against the Seattle Mariners tonight at Angel Stadium.
China set for F1 Grand Prix A bird #39;s eye view of the circuit at Shanghai shows what an event Sunday #39;s Chinese Grand Prix will be. The course is arguably one of the best there is, and so it should be considering the amount of money that has been spent on it.
Players and Fans Expected to Face Charges in Brawl  DETROIT (Sports Network) - Five members of the Indiana  Pacers and five Detroit Pistons fans are expected to be charged  Wednesday in the November 19 brawl that took place at The  Palace of Auburn Hills.
Sports in brief: Locked-out NHL players look for work NHL players began scattering across the globe Thursday in search of work on Day 1 of the lockout, with no negotiations scheduled between union and management.
Revival! Lions Punish Giants, 28-13 Just one week removed from a devastating home loss to the Green Bay Packers, the Detroit Lions responded offensively and defensively in Sunday #39;s 28-13 victory over the previously 4-1 New York Giants.
Australia crush India despite late resistance BANGALORE: Australia have crushed India by 217 runs in the first cricket test to take a 1-0 lead in the four-match series. Australia dismissed India for 239 in their second innings 40 minutes after lunch, having 
With Ban Pending, Hamilton Loses Ride Olympic champion Tyler Hamilton was fired by Phonak, his Swiss cycling team, two months after testing positive for illegal blood transfusions.
Beijing Paralympic Games to be fabulous: IPC President The 13th Summer Paralympic Games in 2008 in Beijing will be extremely successful and  quot;fabulous quot;, Phil Craven, chief of the International Paralympic Committee (IPC),predicted here on Thursday.
TORRE SERVES HIS BAN (New York Post) New York Post - TORONTO  #x2014; Suspended by MLB for yesterday's game, Yankee manager Joe Torre opted not to come to SkyDome at all, as Kevin Brown made his second start since returning from a broken left hand.
Boxer Holyfield Suspended NEW YORK -- New York boxing officials have suspended former heavyweight champ Evander Holyfield following his loss to journeyman Larry Donald on Saturday.
A-Rod #39;s magical moment YORK -- This is the night we saw beyond the dollar signs, the night Alex Rodriguez morphed from simply stylish to sublimely substantive.
Future of F1 #39;s British Grand Prix is secured The British motorsport industry has the  quot;opportunity to further enhance its reputation as a world leader quot; after the future of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone was secured, according Sports Minister Richard Caborn.
Washington Baseball at Risk, MLB May Seek Bids  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Washington, D.C., Mayor Anthony  Williams on Wednesday said the deal to bring baseball back to  the U.S. capital was close to dead after the city council  changed the plan to require private financing, a move Major  League Baseball called unacceptable.
Bears #39; loss could be gross, man MINNEAPOLIS -- The sight of Rex Grossman leaving the Metrodome turf on a cart was bad enough for the Bears #39; faithful. Seeing his family upset outside the team #39;s locker room was more telling.
SHOT PUT Bizarre turn of fortune A shot put competition unique in Olympic history -- ancient or modern -- turned into one of the strangest competitions in the Games history Wednesday evening as the sun was setting on the ancient stadium. 
Australia close on victory Australia closed in on victory in the first Test, needing four more wickets to complete the win in Bangalore. Rahul Dravid stood in their way, on 47 not out in a seventh wicket stand of 19 with Irfan Pathan, who reached seven.
Storm cherish title, aim to stay on top The Seattle Storm and Anne Donovan have made WNBA history, but don #39;t look for them to sit on their accomplishments. There will be a championship celebration Friday in downtown Seattle in honor of the Storm #39;s WNBA title.
Baseball Rejects Terms for Washington Stadium Major League Baseball on Wednesday rejected as  quot;wholly unacceptable quot; a stadium financing plan approved the day before by the Washington City Council, throwing into grave 
Southampton Football Club deny Hoddle link Glenn Hoddle will not be returning to Southampton Football Club, according to chairman Rupert Lowe. It had been suggested that the former England coach was set to make a controversial return to the Saints 
Gill wants Champions League change Manchester United chief executive David Gill has called for the Champions League second group stage to be restored. Old Trafford boss Alex Ferguson and Arsenal counterpart Arsene Wenger were among the major 
Friday #39;s Sports Transactions CHICAGO WHITE SOX_Claimed RHP Bobby Jenks off waivers from Anaheim. Designated RHP Eduardo Villacis for assignment. Agreed to terms with OF Timo Perez on a one-year contract.
Isinbayeva cleared high five OLYMPIC pole vault champion Yelena Isinbayeva said today she cleared five metres in training earlier this year under competition conditions, nine centimetres more than the world record she set in winning gold in Athens.
NBA to experiment with 3-point rules in NBDL NEW YORK (SportsTicker) - The NBA appears determined to lessen the impact of the 3-pointer. First, it will test out the change in the National Basketball Development League.
ESPN ahead of the game Twenty-five years ago this Tuesday, a brash startup cable channel with a strange name began broadcasting. Its goal: Provide sports programming 24 hours a day. The concept behind ESPN was solid, but the execution was shaky in those early days of bouncing a signal off a satellite from a half-built building in a muddy field in then-rural Bristol, Conn. Today, ...
Sportsview: Bills Get Playoff Hunger (AP) AP - Pat Williams is a big man with a big heart and appetite. So imagine his dilemma when the Buffalo Bills were back to their bumbling selves at the start of this season.
Hatton cruises to his 15th defence BOXING: Ricky Hatton last night gave another stark indication that he is ready for a career-defining fight in the new year, by battering Ray Oliveira at the ExCel Conference Centre in London.
GM #39;s deal for McCardell is right move Without saying so, the Chargers seem to be motoring merrily and without copycat-remorse along Patriots Way. You bring in good football players who aren #39;t wigged out or doped up or charter founders of their own fan clubs and let them play.
Hoping for Big Finish Virginia Tech opened the season unranked but climbed to No. 15 with a 7-2 record going into Thursday night's game against Maryland.
Controversy surrounding Owens #39; MNF promo touches deep social &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; I should #39;ve known this latest Terrell Owens story wouldn #39;t have vanished quickly. It involves sex, money, sports and, most critically, race.
Nets: Unhappy Mourning pledges to play hard At 34 and on the rebound from a kidney transplant 11 months ago, Alonzo Mourning still has goals -- on the court and off. But the Nets center also has issues, continuing issues that Jason Kidd 
Compiled by Page 3 With real life news reading funnier than made-up comedy bits, the Late Night kings are loving every minute of it. Page 3 #39;s top shelf team (OK, it #39;s one dude out on the west coast, but he #39;s still top shelf) compiled 
Red Sox Fans Finally See Team Win Title (AP) AP - Red Sox fans waited 85 years to celebrate this moment. After so many disappointing Octobers, it was finally Boston's turn to enjoy a World Series victory.
AL notebook: NY rescued by Sheffield once again Gary Sheffield hit another clutch homer and Derek Jeter learned his elbow is just bruised. Not a bad night for the struggling New York Yankees.
Baseball: After 34 years, baseball returns to Washington Forget the mayhem in Iraq, the presidential elections, even last night #39;s candidates #39; debate. A banner headline yesterday in The Washington Post proclaimed the only news in 
Chiefs beat Titans in offensive display It wasn #39;t quite as dramatic or significant as the Music City Miracle. The Kansas City Chiefs will take it just the same. The Chiefs didn #39;t need a long lateral on a controversial kickoff 
Hornets bring back Nailon for training camp Former Hornets forward Lee Nailon will return to the team at least for training camp. Nailon and guard Junior Harrington both signed contracts with New Orleans on Thursday, bringing the Hornets #39; preseason roster to 19 players.
MLB works to appease Angelos (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - If Major League Baseball can negotiate a settlement with Baltimore Orioles owner Peter Angelos, it could announce next week the Montreal Expos' new home is Washington, D.C.
IAAF Receives Explanations From Kenteris (AP) AP - Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou submitted written explanations to the sport's governing body, detailing the reasons why they missed drug tests on the eve of the Athens Olympics.
Only Game in Town December 13, 2004 - Just when you thought ESPN Videogames was catching up, in one move, they #39;ve never been farther behind. Electronic Arts announced today an exclusive licensing agreement with the National Football League and Players Inc.
NFL Wrap: McNabb Sparkles as Eagles Rout Lions  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Philadelphia Eagles thumped the  Detroit Lions 30-13 Sunday in a clash of two previously  unbeaten teams.
Mauresmo crushes Schiavone to ease into last eight Second seed Amelie Mauresmo powered into the quarter-finals of the US Open with a 6-4 6-2 demolition of Francesca Schiavone, the 16th seed from Italy.
NBA Game Summary - Utah at San Antonio San Antonio shot a sizzling 59 percent from the field, while the Jazz made 44 percent of their shots...The Spurs had a 37-24 edge on the boards...Mehmet Okur scored 10 points off the bench for Utah...The Spurs are off to their best start since the 1999-00 
Fan slapped with fine, five-year ban for racially abusing Yorke LONDON (AFP) - A British court slapped a 1,000-pound (1,880-dollar) fine and a five-year football ground ban on a fan for hurling monkey chants at Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Atlanta at Los Angeles (10:10 p.m. EDT). The National League division leaders meet in the opener of a four-game series.
NHL Accepts Union Invitation for Talks NHL commissioner Gary Bettman speaks to the media at the Pengrowth Saddledome in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, on Wednesday Dec. 1, 2004.
Bucknell Upsets No. 10 Pittsburgh 69-66 (AP) AP - Kevin Bettencourt made two free throws with 23 seconds remaining to give Bucknell the lead in a 69-66 victory over No. 10 Pittsburgh on Sunday night, one of the biggest wins in school history.
Chelsea closes in Eidur Gudjohnsen scored a hat trick yesterday to help Chelsea beat Blackburn 4-0 in the English Premier League of soccer and close the gap to league-leading Arsenal to two points.
Report: Roddick replaces Gilbert with Goldfine World No. 2 Andy Roddick replaced coach Brad Gilbert with US Davis Cup assistant coach Dean Goldfine, a Washington television station WUSA-TV reported.
FIFA to finance lavish 2006 World Cup party BERLIN: Footballs world governing body FIFA will finance an extravagant, 22-million-euro, pre-World Cup party in Berlin in 2006, it was confirmed on Thursday.
Stung by one that got away It should have been the perfect cap to another precious win for Corey Dillon. For the first time in his three games as a Patriot, Dillon 
Chelsea sends Mutu packing London, England (Sports Network) - Chelsea has told Adrian Mutu his services are no longer needed at the club after testing positive for cocaine use.
Red Sox primed for encore When you #39;re part of a team that has just captured its first World Series title in 86 years, it #39;s easy to get a little too caught up in the moment.
Pirates Agree to Terms with Mesa and Torres  PITTSBURGH (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Pirates agreed  to terms Thursday with closer Jose Mesa on a one-year contract,  with a club option for 2006.
CSKA beat PSG 2-0 in Moscow CSKA Moscow beat Paris St Germain 2-0 in a scrappy Champions League encounter on Wednesday to move temporarily to the top of Group H. Sergei Semak put the Russians ahead with a 
Celtics fall to Heat on Pierce #39;s late miss MIAMI (Ticker) -- Paul Pierce #39;s first miss from the line came at the wrong time for the Boston Celtics. Pierce, who had made his first eight free throws, split a pair of attempts with a chance to tie the game 
Hamm keeps gold More than two months after he won it in Athens, Olympic gymnastics champion Paul Hamm will get to keep his all-around gold medal.
Cardiff to host FA Cup semi-finals Cardiff #39;s Millennium Stadium will host this season #39;s FA Cup semi-finals as well as the final. It will be the first time the venue has hosted the semi-finals, with Old Trafford and Villa Park having been favoured in recent years.
Overlooked U.S. Men's Gymnasts Take Silver (AP) AP - Twenty years later, the boys are back on the medal stand. The American men's gymnastics program, long overlooked and often unappreciated, won Olympic silver Monday, capping a four-year rebuilding project to take home a medal for the first time since the boycotted 1984 Games.
Glazer opens talks with Irish as United fans revolt Malcolm Glazer, the US sports tycoon trying to buy Manchester United, has begun talks with the club #39;s biggest shareholder and plans to tell investors that the club #39;s performance 
Cavs sign Scott Williams Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - The Cleveland Cavaliers Tuesday signed veteran forward/center Scott Williams. As per team policy, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Red Sox wish Pedro well As far as the Red Sox are concerned, there are no hard feelings for Pedro Martinez. Team president/CEO Larry Lucchino says he, principal owner John Henry 
Lecce sparkle thanks to teenager Bojinov Teenage striker Valeri Bojinov reaffirmed his growing reputation on Wednesday with two goals as Lecce snatched a 2-2 draw with Inter Milan.
Marlins welcome back Leiter CBC SPORTS ONLINE - After spending the last seven seasons with the New York Mets, Al Leiter was feeling a little nostalgic. Leiter signed a one-year contract with the Florida Marlins, a team he helped lead to a World Series title in 1997.
Flintoff aims to sign off in style LONDON: All-rounder Andrew Flintoff will seek to cap his perfect year today with a match-winning performance in the Champions Trophy final against West Indies.
ACC Is Leagues Ahead From top to bottom ACC play, which will begin Sunday with two games, could be even more competitive than originally thought.
NL notables Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was hit on the side of the head by a hard grounder in the third inning and was carried off the field on a stretcher. Johnson immediately went down face first onto the infield. The Expos said Johnson never lost consciousness and was taken to the hospital for X-rays. The Expos' starting pitcher, Tony Armas ...
Taylor hints at price of failure for Vogts SCOTTISH Football Association chief executive David Taylor has issued another denial that national team manager Berti Vogts is facing the sack, but the man who had head-hunted the German from the deserts of Kuwait also indicated that as soon as Scotland 
NL Wrap: Johnson Fans 14 Mets as Arizona Snaps Slide (Reuters) Reuters - Randy Johnson struck out 14 batters in\8 1/3 innings to help the Arizona Diamondbacks end a nine-game\losing streak with a 2-0 win over the New York Mets on Sunday.
Batista #39;s double in 12th beats Braves After going hitless in his previous 23 at-bats, Tony Batista came through at the perfect time for the Montreal Expos. Batista hit a one-out RBI double in the 12th inning and the Expos ended 
Cubs Cut Loose Alou, Grudzielanek  CHICAGO (Sports Network) - The Chicago Cubs Thursday  declined to pick up the 2005 options on outfielder Moises Alou  and second baseman Mark Grudzielanek, making the two veterans  free agents.
Baseball will survive, just like it always has Some people cannot fathom the indifference. The revelations about Jason Giambi and Barry Bonds brought a rousing  quot;so what? quot; from the general public, causing waves of journalistic outrage around the country.
Triumphant Russians Sweep Kremlin Cup The narrative of homegrown athletes triumphing over foreign opponents resonates with Russian sports fans, reaffirming their conviction that their country #39;s athletes are no worse, and 
Kuznetsova Tops Dementieva for Open Title (AP) AP - Pounding ferocious forehands and covering the baseline with the muscular legs of a Tour de France rider, Svetlana Kuznetsova overwhelmed Elena Dementieva 6-3, 7-5 Saturday night in the U.S. Open's first all-Russian final.
Webb Ousted in Prelim Alan Webb is outmaneuvered and outrun as he failed to make it out of the preliminary round in the 1,500 meters.
Smothering Defense Freezes Boilers Behind the dominant play of their defense and another stellar rushing effort from Mike Hart, the Michigan Wolverines escaped West Lafayette with a 16-14 victory over the Purdue BoilerMakers.
Bengals 23, Broncos 10 Chad got the best of Champ, turning the Cincinnati Bengals into an unexpected prime-time success. Chad Johnson left cornerback Champ Bailey face-down in his tracks on a 50-yard touchdown catch that got the 
Cink Leads Soaking NEC Leader Stewart Cink played eight holes Friday morning to polish off a first-round 7-under 63 at the NEC Invitational and was at 8 under when play was suspended.
Moore versus List in US Amateur final Mamaroneck, NY (Sports Network) - Ryan Moore, the medalist in stroke play, dispatched Jeff Overton, 3  amp; 2 in one of Saturday #39;s semifinal matches to reach Sunday #39;s 36-hole final at the US Amateur Championship at Winged Foot Golf Club.
Spurrier #39;s decision not that surprising Steve Spurrier obviously did a lot of soul-searching over the last two weeks, and his decision to withdraw his name from consideration for the Florida job comes down to the fact that Florida 
Lakers 84, Rockets 79 Lamar Odom had 20 points and 13 rebounds, and the Los Angeles Lakers held on to give coach Rudy Tomjanovich a victory over the Houston Rockets 84-79 Saturday night.
Pollock joins elite list of Test all rounders Calcutta, India - South Africa #39;s Shaun Pollock became only the fifth player in Test history to take 300 wickets and score 3 000 runs on the fifth day of the second and final Test against India on Thursday.
Spa: Renault on pole position! Jarno Trulli made the most of the conditions in qualifying to claim pole ahead of Michael Schumacher, while Fernando finished third.
Game 2 and Done? Curt Schilling might not be able to make a second start in the World Series because the procedure to stitch together his injured ankle might be too damaging to keep repeating.
Players give OK to steroid-test talks PHOENIX - Baseball players gave their lawyers the go-ahead Tuesday to reach an agreement with owners on tougher testing for steroids.
EMOTIONAL FAREWELL FOR SAINZ Citroen #39;s Carlos Sainz admitted he was overwhelmed by the support he received on the Rally Catalunya. The Spanish driver, who last month announced his intention to retire from the sport, finished third on 
Tamada Makes his Mark Makoto Tamada took his third pole position of the season with a blistering lap late in final qualifying at Valencia today. The Camel Honda rider, who 
Yankees decline options on Quantrill, Lee By RONALD BLUM AP Sports Writer. either pick up his option or not, it #39;s up to them. Jon wants to remain a. on first baseman Travis Lee and their 2006 option on reliever Paul Quantrill.
Auburn, LSU will play Saturday Following consultation with state government, emergency management officials, and Southeastern Conference representatives, Auburn University announced at 9:30 am Friday that the Sept.
No. 8 Georgia Beats Georgia Tech, 19-13 No. 8 Georgia Hangs on to Beat Georgia Tech, 19-13, After Collapsing in Second Half of Game. Georgia quarterback DJ Shockley evades Georgia Tech defender Gerris Wilkinson during the first quarter Saturday, Nov. 27, 2004 in Athens, Ga.
You can do it too, S #39;pore If Greece, with 10m people, can pull off the Games at the 11th hour, why not? THE final weekend of the Olympics is at hand, and the reckoning is nigh.
The top banana, Belichick, slips up FOXBOROUGH -- After Bill Belichick won his 20th consecutive game, he told the world how lousy he coached in yesterday's 30-20 win over the Seahawks, which ran his record this season to 5-0.
Fans rushing onto the court or field will be costly to SEC schools Southeastern Conference schools must prevent fans from rushing onto the basketball court and football field or face fines that could reach \$50,000.
NFL Wrap: -Manning Wins MVP Battle as Colts Overcome Titans  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Peyton Manning threw for 254 yards and  two touchdowns to win his showdown with fellow co-MVP Steve  McNair as the Indianapolis Colts beat the Tennessee Titans  31-17 in National Football League play at Nashville Sunday.
Timberwolves 99, Hawks 96 Kevin Garnett scored 26 points to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves to a 99-96 victory over the Atlanta Hawks in an exhibition game Thursday night.
Greek Judoka Dies In Hospital After Balcony Suicide Leap ATHENS, Aug 24 (AFP) - A member of Greece #39;s Olympic judo squad who leapt from a third-storey apartment after an argument with her boyfriend just days before the Athens Games has died, a hospital source said Tuesday.
Ready or not, MSU prepares for Big Ten heavyweights Michigan State football coach John L. Smith couldn #39;t, or wouldn #39;t, say if his team is in any condition to compete with the Big Ten #39;s upper echelon.
Woodward leads Mahar Scott Woodward may be the best quarterback you've never heard of. The senior signal-caller for Mahar Regional has put up huge numbers over the past two years, but none were more impressive or important than the ones he had yesterday.
Tough stuff for Yanks just beginning You know it #39;s bad when the heaviest hitter on the team in terms of doing damage these past two days turns out to be Kevin Brown, who took the prevailing new theme around Yankee Stadium -  quot;when the goin #39; gets tough, the tough get goin #39;  quot; - just a little 
Willingham out as Irish coach Firing could have local &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tuesday #39;s abrupt firing of Notre Dame coach Tyrone Willingham resonated across the college football landscape, with ripples potentially stretching all the way to the Bay Area.
France #39;s Joubert wins Skate America men #39;s title France #39;s Brian Joubert was ready for a win after a second-place finish earlier this year at the World Championships. Despite trouble landing several jumps, Joubert got his victory in the men #39;s free skate Friday 
Overton beats hometown favorite On a day when it would #39;ve been easy to lose, Evansville #39;s Jeff Overton instead advanced to the semifinals of the 104th US Amateur Championship. 
Phelps #146;s quest for 8 golds goes under ATHENS -- The evening began on a down note for the US swimming team, and descended from there. First, world champion Jenny Thompson struggled home fifth in the 100-meter butterfly. Then world record-holder Brendan Hansen was caught by Japan's Kosuke Kitajima in the 100 breaststroke. Finally, the men's 4 x 100 freestyle relay finished third behind South Africa and the ...
Garrard Subs Nicely David Garrard, in for injured quarterback Byron Leftwich, keeps the Jaguars steady improvement going with a 23-17 overtime win over the Lions on Sunday.
Branca and Berbatov help Leverkusen crush Bayern Two goals each from Brazilian forward Branca and Bulgarian Dimitar Berbatov gave Bayer Leverkusen a decisive 4-1 victory over Bayern Munich on Saturday.
Chelsea top after Palace hold Arsenal Chelsea have gone two points clear at the top of the Premier League after they beat Everton 1-0 and struggling champions Arsenal were held to a surprise 1-1 draw by promoted Crystal Palace.
US May Support Duplicate Gold for Korea in Olympic Gymnastics The US Olympic Committee said it may support a duplicate gold medal in the men #39;s all-around gymnastics event, as South Korea said it would seek to overturn the scores that gave the title to American Paul Hamm.
Sky's the limit for Falcons This season will likely be the most successful yet for the Northeast-10 Conference, thanks to a change in the Division 2 playoff format.The NCAA tournament expands from 16 to 24 teams, adding two to each of the four regionals. Even better for the NE-10, the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Conference -- home of last year's Division 2 national champion, Grand Valley ...
Vizquel moves to Giants, opening door for Peralta SAN FRANCISCO - Omar Vizquel hopes to revitalize his career with a new team in a new league. The San Francisco Giants just hope the veteran shortstop has a few more good years in him.
Thursday #39;s Golf Capsules Corey Pavin sank seven birdies and matched his career low with an 8-under-par 62 for a three-stroke lead at the inaugural Buick Championship on Thursday.
The rap on Artest: He is off-key My daughter called yesterday morning. Said she wouldn't be making it for her usual dinner at Mom and Dad's house the next couple of Wednesdays.
Manchester United Football Club boss admits mistakes Manchester United Football Club manager Sir Alex Ferguson admits he has made mistakes with his line-ups this season. The Reds have slipped eleven points behind leaders and champions Arsenal after only nine 
UPDATE 1-India lose early wickets in rain-hit final test India struggled to 22 for two on the rain-hit first day of the fourth and final test against Australia on Wednesday after losing openers Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir.
Worsley misses Canucks FLANKER Joe Worsley has been ruled out of England #39;s Test with Canada at Twickenham on Sunday (Australian time because of a leg injury.
Eagles' Rayburn, Akers Nursing Injuries  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia Eagles  defensive tackle Sam Rayburn is listed as questionable for  Monday's game against the Dallas Cowboys at Texas Stadium,  while kicker David Akers is probable. Neither player practiced  on Wednesday.
Australian striker Kewell fit for Solomon Islands game Liverpool forward Harry Kewell will be fit for Australia #39;s Confederations Cup qualifier against Solomon Islands on Tuesday after shrugging off a groin injury on Monday.
Thursday at the Ryder Cup Bloomfield Hills, MI (Sports Network) - No matter what you did on Thursday, I #39;ve got you topped. I attended the Opening Ceremonies for the 35th Ryder Cup Matches and what a show this was, but a different one from years past.
2 arrested for alleged racial taunts at Yorke Police yesterday arrested two men in connection with alleged racist taunts aimed at Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke. YORKE... accused Rovers fans of making monkey gestures towards him last Sunday.
Magic Unveil A New Look Tracy McGrady was traded to Houston in the offseason. He was the guy who could score 50 points a night, but his team would lose by 20.
Hungary Ends America's Winning Run Defending Olympic champion Hungary hands the United States its first loss in water polo preliminaries Thursday, beating the Americans 7-5.
Argentina coach Bielsa resigns Argentina coach Marcelo Bielsa resigned out of the blue on Tuesday, less than one month after steering the twice world champions to their first Olympic soccer gold medal.
Red Sox' Anguish and Yankees' Mystique and Aura Dissolve in Game 7 With a barrage of four home runs the Boston Red Sox eliminated the Yankees with a 10-3 victory in Game 7 of the A.L.C.S. at Yankee Stadium.
Bovina Advances at Generali Ladies Open (AP) AP - Ninth-seeded Elena Bovina beat Jelena Kostanic 6-4, 6-2 Monday to reach the Generali Ladies Open's second round.
India in command Chittagong, Bangladesh - Opener Gautam Gambhir slammed his maiden Test century and Rahul Dravid notched his 18th hundred to put India in command Friday on the opening day of the second cricket Test against Bangladesh.
Singh #39;s Year to Remember Will Be Hard to Forget Vijay Singh is probably sorry to see the PGA Tour season ending. When you have dominated like Singh, why wouldn #39;t you want to keep playing?
Wiltord, Henry on target France has defeated Cyprus 2-0 in its World Cup qualifier in Nicosia thanks to goals from Sylvain Wiltord and Thierry Henry. Wiltord, a former teammate of Henry #39;s at Arsenal, netted the opening goal in the 
Iordanescu resigns as Romania coach Romania, depleted by injuries and suspensions, lost top spot in Group One after a 1-1 draw in Yerevan which handed Armenia their first point in five matches.
New Hockey League Plans to Go On A hockey league formed for locked-out N.H.L. players denies that it suspended play, saying a statement released with league letterhead was not legitimate.
Mets: Wright shares spotlight in a wild victory Art Howe stood behind his desk, looked down at his folded scorecard and scratched his head as he gazed at all the scribblings and crossed-out names that made the card look like a 2-year-old #39;s afternoon art project.
Washington, DC Council Moves on Baseball Funding Washington, DC #39;s City Council on Tuesday approved a debt and tax-backed financing plan to build a new stadium for Major League Baseball, moving a step closer to bringing baseball back to the US capital.
Busch Wins Nextel Cup Kurt Busch uses a late caution flag that produces four extra laps to hold on to a fifth-place finish at the Ford 400, wrapping up the Nextel Cup.
Ruined blood sample means Hamilton will keep medal THE GAZETTE. Cyclist Tyler Hamilton gets to keep his Olympic gold medal because his backup blood sample was ruined in a botched lab procedure, the International Olympic Committee said Thursday.
A loaf, then a laugh Cal dawdles in 1st half, still rips Huskies Seattle -- With his team hanging onto a one-point lead at the half, Cal coach Jeff Tedford said he was fairly restrained. He #39;d already let the Bears have it before the game.
Brunell Feeling Better Quarterback Mark Brunell looked spry leaving Redskins Park on Wednesday following another round of treatment for his strained left hamstring and said the injury continues to feel better.
Now, Yanks are on hot seat All the heat and pressure are on them for a change now, and if they lose the next two games and this playoff series to Boston, we may witness two unique phenomena simultaneously: the reversal of an 84-year-old Curse and George Steinbrenner #39;s head 
Picking your poison Once again the New York Yankees finished the division race in their customary position, first place. However, the road to the top of the first mountain peak wasnt as easy as the 101-61 record would indicate.
Marathon result disputed The Brazilian Olympic Committee will lodge an appeal against the result of Sunday #39;s Athens marathon, after it was disrupted by a spectator.
Swimming Canada fires coach CALGARY (CP) - Swimming Canada has fired head coach Dave Johnson, who came under fire for Canada #39;s poor performance in the Olympic pool in Athens.
Sven Ponders Three-Pronged Attack Sven-Goran Eriksson today admitted he is considering deploying a three-man attack against Wales in tomorrows World Cup qualifier.
Lindley Leads LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge (AP) AP - Leta Lindley birdied seven holes Saturday to shoot a 6-under 65 and take a one-shot lead over two-time champion Juli Inkster after three rounds at the LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge.
Jordan Makes Statement Wizards coach Eddie Jordan says the team is making a statement that immaturity will not be tolerated by suspending Kwame Brown one game for not taking part in a team huddle during a loss to Denver.
Bobcats earn first victory Gerald Wallace slid face-first off the court after a hard foul, popped back up and looked at the scoreboard. He wasn't seeing things -- the Charlotte Bobcats really were on their way to the first win in franchise history.
UPDATE 1-Amazing Adriano fires Inter to victory Brazilian Adriano scored two wonderful goals as Inter Milan beat Udinese 3-1 in Serie A on Sunday while a superb Andrea Pirlo strike gave AC Milan a 1-0 win at Cagliari.
Rams Use Rejuvenated Running Game in Win (AP) AP - For at least one game, the pass-happy St. Louis Rams relied on the running game. A week after coming under heavy criticism for a game plan that featured 49 passes and just 15 runs in a 28-25 overtime loss at home against New Orleans, coach Mike Martz used the run early and often in a 24-14 win Sunday night at San Francisco, evening the Rams' record at 2-2.
NHL players to put new offer on table Any hope of saving the NHL season hinges on whether the next proposal by the Players Association stirs serious negotiating.
Even Kidd Can #39;t Help Nets Win on Road With Jason Kidd back in the lineup, the Nets have demonstrated new life. But LeBron James proved to be a little too much for Kidd and the Nets here Tuesday night.
Spurrier Withdraws From Florida Search Steve Spurrier is seen in this 2003 NFL season photo. Spurrier removed his name from consideration Thursday Nov. 4, 2004 to replace Ron Zook as coach of the Florida Gators, who was fired last week after the latest in a series of embarrassing losses.
Practice leaves Harrington in pain and on fire But before any alarm bells start ringing in the European camp, it should be noted that this particular strain did not prevent the Dubliner shooting a best-of-the-day 64 in the third round of the Linde German Masters in Cologne.
Hayes Impresses Early Jarvis Hayes is keeping Jared Jeffries out of the conversation when it comes to discussing who will start at samll forward for the Wizards.
Lockout stalls NHL season The National Hockey League pulled the plug on the start of training camp Wednesday, threatening the entire 2004-05 professional hockey season.
Titans-Dolphins Game Moved to Saturday (AP) AP - The Miami Dolphins' opening game against the Tennessee Titans will be played Saturday instead of Sunday because of approaching Hurricane Ivan.
Everton duo left frustrated Scotland defender Gary Naysmith has admitted that his lack of action at Everton has added to Berti Vogts #39; list of worries. Injuries have already robbed the Scots of Jackie McNamara, Malky Mackay and Nigel 
Silverstone lost at game of hardball The British Racing Drivers #39; Club tried to play hardball with Bernie Ecclestone and lost, the diminutive impresario revealed after dumping the historic Silverstone race.
Russia rebound with four-goal win Russia rebounded from last month #39;s 7-1 thrashing by Portugal with a morale-boosting 4-0 win over Estonia in a World Cup qualifier in Krasnodar on Wednesday.
Curse of the Bambino? Boston doesn #39;t know from jinxes Curse of the Bambino? Please. As jinxed ballclubs go, your Red Sox can #39;t even crack the top two. OK, so your heroes haven #39;t won the World Series since Harry Frazee sold Babe Ruth to the Yankees.
Notre Dame Accepts Insight Bowl Invite Notre Dame Accepts Invitation to Play in Insight Bowl in Arizona Against Pac-10 Team on Dec. 28. Notre Dame #39;s quarterback Brady Quinn gets a pass off under pressure from Southern California #39;s Mike Patterson 
SORRY ROONEY: I #39;M WRONG ENGLAND #39;S  #39;bad boy #39; Wayne Rooney has apologised to Sven-Goran Eriksson for losing his head in Madrid. But the Manchester United star striker has stopped short of issuing a public apology to Emlyn Hughes #39; family 
Brooks, Stallworth get it done late NEW ORLEANS - The New Orleans Saints dodged a hurricane and the San Francisco 49ers and survived the loss of their biggest offensive weapon - Deuce McAllister.
Boller Silences Critics Much maligned quarterback Kyle Boller should have a pleasent week after playing one of the best games of his career in Sunday's 20-17 overtime win over the Jets.
Trojans Trip Up Tigers Jason Samples throws one touchdown pass and catches another and offensive lineman Junior Louissaint scores on a 63-yard fumble recovery as Troy upsets No. 19 Missouri, 24-14, Thursday night.
Rooney requests Everton transfer The striker is currently at the centre of a bidding war between Manchester United and Newcastle, after scoring four goals for England in Euro 2004.
Rattay prospects for Bears growing dimmer Time, they say, heals all wounds, with the possible exception of Tim Rattay #39;s ailing right forearm. As this week began, San Francisco 49ers coach Dennis Erickson 
MOURINHO CONFIDENT OVER STRIKE DUO Jose Mourinho believes he has enough firepower in Eidur Gudjohnsen and Mateja Kezman to see off the challenge of CSKA Moscow in the Champions League at Stamford Bridge.
34 Gold Medals Up for Grabs on 15th Day of Olympics The sailing and canoe-kayak events have closed at the Athens Olympics while athletics, wrestling, and basketball will give fans plenty to cheer at the Athens Olympics.
OU #39;s White takes Maxwell, Davey O #39;Brien awards Oklahoma quarterback Jason White was a two-time award winner Thursday night, taking the Maxwell Award as college football #39;s best all-around player and adding his second straight Davey O #39;Brien quarterback trophy.
Boje bounces out of tour to India South Africa: South African vice captain Nicky Boje has withdrawn from the national cricket squad #39;s tour to India after failing to get assurance by Delhi police that he would not be arrested for match-fixing, the team #39;s spokesman said Wednesday.
Bryant accuser publicly identifies herself in civil lawsuit The woman accusing Kobe Bryant of rape -- whose name has been widely published on the Internet despite her efforts to remain anonymous -- identified herself by name in a revised version of the lawsuit she filed against the NBA star 
SI.com ATLANTA (Ticker) -- The Atlanta Braves will have to wait at least one more day to celebrate. Gabe White worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the bottom of the ninth inning to record his first save in more than 
A look at Notre Dame, Navy As Notre Dame and Navy prepare to face one another Oct. 16, both squads reach the season #39;s midpoint in much better condition than they were one year ago.
Mariners name Hargrove as new manager SEATTLE -- Mike Hargrove has been named manager of the Seattle Mariners, the team said Wednesday. The team said Hargrove had agreed to a three-year contract for 2005 through 2007.
Benson the catalyst in Longhorns' lambasting AUSTIN, Texas -- Cedric Benson ran for 181 yards and two touchdowns, and No. 7 Texas revved up its punishing rushing attack and overwhelmed North Texas, 65-0, last night.
Oh where, oh where will Kent get to play? It #39;s the call of an offseason in the making, the Dodgers finally on the move. Have a big free-agent signing to announce at the first day of the winter meetings.
Garcia Remon receives Perez #39;s vote of confidence Real Madrid president Florentino Perez said new coach Mariano Garcia Remon will be allowed time to make his presence felt and was under no pressure to obtain instant success.
Eagles Contain Moss, Top Vikings, 27-16 It took about two-and-a-half hours before one of Monday nights protagonists finally made his mark. Fortunately for the Eagles, the one who did played for them.
Agassi ousts good friend Having defeated Sargis Sargsian in the round of 16 of the US Open, Agassi now gets Roger Federer in the quarterfinals. Having gotten through the dicey part, now comes the fun.
Reds Agree to Minor League Deals (AP) AP - Left-hander Jeriome Robertson, right-hander Josh Hall and outfielder Kenny Kelly agreed Thursday to minor league contracts with the Cincinnati Reds.
Auburn improves to 6-0 AUBURN, Ala. -- Jason Campbell passed for 201 yards and two touchdowns, including a school-record 87-yarder to Silas Daniels, leading No. 6 Auburn past Louisiana Tech, 52-7, yesterday.
Prem Preview: Blackburn  Portsmouth Mark Hughes takes charge of Blackburn for the first time and will hope that mediocre travellers Portsmouth will provide an instant success for his nineteenth placed side.
Roddick May Be Key to U.S. Davis Cup Win (AP) AP - Three months ago, Andy Roddick swept Rafael Nadal 6-0, 6-3, 6-4 in the second round of the U.S. Open. Don't expect it to be that easy when Roddick plays the 18-year-old Spaniard in the Davis Cup final Friday. This time, the match is on clay. And Nadal will be cheered by an expected record crowd of 26,600 at Olympic Stadium.
THE DARKNESS JUST when you thought the dark days were over for good, they came back with a vengeance. Perhaps it might not have needed Nostradamus to predict the outbreaks of violence at both Millwall and Chelsea this week.
Owen: Real saviour with 4 goals in 4 matches MICHAEL Owen rescued Real Madrid once again as they struggled to overcome a defiant Getafe in the lesser-known Madrid derby at the Bernabeu.
Barry Bonds Hits 699th Career Home Run (AP) AP - Barry Bonds moved within one homer of 700 with a drive that will be remembered  #151; a 460-foot shot off the center-field scoreboard at Bank One Ballpark.
Dillon Remains Questionable for Sunday  FOXBORO, Mass. (Sports Network) - New England Patriots  running back Corey Dillon is still listed as questionable for  Sunday's game against Seattle with a foot injury.
Bomb scare at Real Madrid stadium More than 70,000 people were forced to leave Real Madrid #39;s Bernabeu stadium on Sunday following a bomb scare. David Beckham and other Real Madrid players had to leave the pitch three minutes before the end of their 1-1 match against Real Sociedad.
Massu gets first win in Vienna Olympic champion Nicolas Massu finally recorded his first win in Vienna yesterday, eliminating Slovak Karol Kucera in three sets at the euro682,750 (US\$845,908) ATP CA Trophy.
Red Sox, Fans Make 'Nomah' Distant Memory (AP) AP - For years, he was the face of the Boston Red Sox, a star shortstop, a favorite of old ladies and children who barely had shoulders wide enough to fit the name "Garciaparra" on the back of their T-shirts.
Gamecocks Coach Lou Holtz Goes Hopeful (AP) AP - When coach Lou Holtz set out to revamp South Carolina's losing culture this offseason, he took a look at himself as well.
Eagles get a line on West Virginia It was a perfect day all around for Boston College. No. 14 BC went 18 for 18 from the free throw line and beat West Virginia for the 14th time without a loss, rolling past the Mountaineers, 69-56, yesterday in Morgantown, W.Va.
Charlotte trumps field with 9.7 percent chance NEW YORK -- The Charlotte Sting, who just missed the playoffs last season, won the WNBA draft lottery on Wednesday night. After finishing just two games under .500, the Sting will have the first pick in the WNBA draft in April 2005.
India Cricket Bd:Sony TV To Televise Matches Vs Australia NEW DELHI (Dow Jones)--India #39;s cricket board late Thursday said Sony Entertainment Television Ltd. will telecast four home matches against world champion Australia starting next week.
Agassi could return for Davis Cup final Andre Agassi hasn #39;t played Davis Cup since 2000, but US captain Patrick McEnroe said he wouldn #39;t rule out a return for the eight-time Grand Slam champion.
College Player, 39, Does 'Late Show' (AP) AP - Sounds like David Letterman is as big a "Pops" fan as most everyone else.
Montgomery Doping Hearing Set for Early November World 100 meters record holder Tim Montgomery will appear before the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) in San Francisco in the first week of November for a hearing over a possible life ban for doping.
Eagles Have T.O., but Also Need Some TLC (AP) AP - Terrell Owens and Jevon Kearse arrived in Philadelphia this spring as the top receiver and pass rusher who can elevate the hopes of a team that has lost three straight NFC title games. But as the 2004 NFL season starts, the Eagles are battered, a reminder that injuries are the great equalizer that can neutralize any big-money, big-name offseason moves.
US birdie assault seizes UBS Cup lead The United States team wasn #39;t able to stop the juggernaut that is the partnership of Colin Montgomerie and Bernhard Langer, but little else slowed it down in a record-setting 
Seattle #39;s Wistrom out 4-6 weeks Coach Mike Holmgren said Monday that defensive end Grant Wistrom will be sidelined four to six weeks with a small fracture in his left knee.
Croom's Bulldogs Stun Zook's Gators (AP) AP - The latest low point in Ron Zook's tenure at Florida even has the coach wondering what went wrong. Meanwhile, Sylvester Croom's first big win at Mississippi State has given the Bulldogs and their fans a reason to believe in their first-year leader. Jerious Norwood's 37-yard touchdown run with 32 seconds remaining lifted the Bulldogs to a 38-31 upset of the 20th-ranked Gators on Saturday.
Molik upsets Zvonareva, Sharapova advances in Zurich Olympic bronze medalist Alicia Molik upset sixth-seeded Vera Zvonareva 6-3, 5-7, 6-2 to reach the Swisscom Challenge quarterfinals Wednesday.
Blue Jays #39; Chacin wins debut in Yankee Stadium Gustavo Chacin walked into Yankee Stadium for the first time, looked around at the fans and the monuments and the pinstripes, and felt like any other nervous rookie.
Huggins back at Cincinnati Bob Huggins was reinstated as men #39;s basketball coach at the University of Cincinnati. Huggins, 50, was suspended with pay in June after he was arrested for driving under the influence.
Ravens #39; Ogden likely to be sidelined Sunday against Eagles Baltimore Ravens left tackle Jonathan Ogden probably will miss the Baltimore Ravens #39; game against the unbeaten Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday with a pulled left hamstring.
Giggs Prompts Neville Wishing Game Gary Neville joined Sven-Goran Eriksson in admitting his wish that Ryan Giggs was English as he faced up to the challenge of marking his Manchester United team-mate at Old Trafford this weekend.
No. 10 Michigan State Routs Nicholls St. (AP) AP - Led by Maurice Ager's 19 points, No. 10 Michigan State scored more than 100 points for the third straight game in a 102-52 win over Nicholls State on Saturday.
NFL Extends CBS, Fox Broadcast Rights in \$8 Billion Deal The National Football League on Monday said it will extend broadcast rights for television networks CBS and FOX to air Sunday afternoon football games through 2011 in deals worth a combined \$8 billion.
Yankees slump to embarrassing defeat The New York Yankees, the most celebrated franchise in United States sport who boast a payroll of more than \$A255 million, have gone down 22-0 to the Cleveland Indians in New York.
Bournemouth shock Blackburn in League Cup New Blackburn Rovers manager Mark Hughes got a foretaste of the task facing him after the Premier League strugglers went out on penalties to third division Bournemouth in the League Cup on Wednesday.
Peace Rules retired; Jockey Club Gold Cup field dwindles Peace Rules has been retired after a slight injury to the colt #39;s left front leg was discovered during training for Saturday #39;s \$1 million Jockey Club Gold Cup at Belmont Park.
Staley Questionable, Bettis Probable for Steelers (Reuters) Reuters - Pittsburgh Steelers running\back Duce Staley is listed as questionable for Sunday's game at\Cincinnati with a hamstring injury.
Schalke  amp; Stuttgart Close In On Wolves Schalke 04 and VfB Stuttgart moved closer to to the Bundesliga summit with impressive wins in Sunday #39;s league programme. Ralf Rangnick #39;s Schalke made it six wins out of six in beating Thomas Doll #39;s Hamburger SV 2-1 at the AOL Arena.
Casey, Donald Five Ahead at World Cup (AP) AP - Englishmen Paul Casey and Luke Donald surged to a five-stroke lead in the second round of the team World Cup on Friday after shooting an 8-under-par 64.
Rathbone is  #39;like Gregan #39; AUSTRALIAN coach Eddie Jones rates winger Clyde Rathbone a potential successor to Wallaby captain George Gregan as the pair reach Test career milestones tonight against South Africa in Durban. 
RELATED COLUMNISTS NEWS Yesterday #39;s first round of the \$5 million Deutsche Bank Championship was all the evidence anyone could possibly need to keep this tournament right where it is, at TPC of Boston.
Imoh Powers Hokies North Carolina misses a potential game-tying 54-yard field goal with about a minute left and Virginia Tech prevails, 27-24.
Ukraine Unrest Worries Barcelona Soccer (AP) AP - FC Barcelona asked the European soccer body, UEFA, whether it will be safe for the team to play in a Champions League game in Ukraine next week.
Lions supporters lick their wounds Brisbane #39;s AFL fans gathered in their thousands all over the city with high hopes the Lions could win their fourth consecutive grand final.
Bruins learn how to grind, thanks to their Cable guy On days like yesterday, gloomy, gray late afternoons by the lake, UCLA used to come out and play the part of the powder-blue preppies from Westwood.
Liverpool reject ground sharing with Everton LIVERPOOL have denied reports yesterday that they would consider sharing their new stadium with rivals Everton. It had been reported that the two clubs would meet with government officials to discuss the controversial subject of sharing a ground.
Jets' Martin Ties Sanders' NFL Mark (AP) AP - New York Jets running back Curtis Martin on Sunday became the second player in NFL history to begin his career with 10 straight 1,000-yard seasons.
Soccer: Ancelotti applauds formidable Shevchenko ROME : AC Milan coach Carlo Ancelotti believes there is much more to Andriy Shevchenko than just finding the net after the Ukrainian striker scored his 100th Serie A goal.
Indians Rout Yankees 22-0 in Epic Defeat (AP) AP - The hits and runs kept coming, spinning by on the scoreboard as fast as symbols on a slot machine. It wasn't just a rout, it was an epic defeat, the most one-sided in the 101-year history of the New York Yankees. Cleveland's 22-0 victory Tuesday night matched the biggest post-1900 shutout margin in the major leagues, Pittsburgh's win at the Chicago Cubs on Sept. 16, 1975.
Syracuse ends BC #39;s BCS hopes Diamond Ferri ran for 141 yards two touchdowns and scored again on an interception Saturday in Boston as Syracuse rolled to a 43-17 victory over No.
Timberwolves Crush the Clippers 113-86 Los Angeles Clippers center Chris Kaman, right, drives against Minnesota Timberwolves forward Mark Madsen in the second quarter, Friday, Dec. 17, 2004, in Minneapolis.
Steffy #39;s Status for Finale Is in Question Maryland freshman quarterback Jordan Steffy was released from a hospital near Virginia Tech on Thursday night and returned to College Park with his team, although his status remains in doubt for the Nov. 27 season finale against Wake Forest.
NBA Wrap: Heat Downs Cavaliers, 92-86 MIAMI (Sports Network) - Shaquille O #39;Neal made his home debut, but once again it was Dwyane Wade stealing the show with 28 points as the Miami Heat downed the Cleveland Cavaliers, 92-86, in front of a record crowd at AmericanAirlines Arena.
India turns against its own ONE major Test win has enabled Australia to unearth a potent new weapon against India ... India. Or, more specifically, Indian fans and critics who get as angry about any loss as they get excited by any victory.
Pedro served his purpose here He is gone, and that is unfortunate, but it is not tragic or disastrous or catastrophic. Pedro Martinez stats, news was worth every cent the Red Sox stats, schedule 
Real told to dig for pride after a fall Real Madrid #39;s loss at Espanyol brought a numbing end to a miserable week whose only positive outcome has been the realisation that some soul-searching and a collective look in the mirror are overdue.
Yankees Want Lieber, but They'll Wait and See The Yankees will try to negotiate a new contract with Jon Lieber, but declined his option and let him become a free agent.
It's Official: No Moss Again for Vikings (AP) AP - As expected, the Minnesota Vikings will play another game this week without All-Pro wide receiver Randy Moss.
This isn't the finish line LOUDON, N.H. -- It wasn't the first time Kurt Busch and his friend Ricky Craven crossed the finish line at about the same time, and Craven hopes it wasn't the last. A year ago at Darlington, Craven beat Busch in .002 seconds, the closest finish in NASCAR since electronic scoring came into use in 1993. Yesterday, as Busch was completing ...
U.S. Tries to Rebound From Loss in Athens (AP) AP - Greetings from the Olympic men's basketball tournament, where America is tied for last place with Angola, Australia, New Zealand, China and the defending world champions from Serbia-Montenegro.
Edelin Cleared to Play The NCAA has granted the academic waiver petition of Syracuse junior guard Billy Edelin, making him immediately eligible to play for the Orange.
Kluivert nets twice against first Arab team in UEFA match Patrick Kluivert struck twice for Newcastle United in a 2-0 victory over Bnei Sakhnin of Israel, thefirst Arab team to play in the UEFA Cup first-round, first-leg match on Thursday.
NL beat: San Francisco #39;s weakness is on the mound The San Francisco Giants weren #39;t able to add a veteran starting pitcher for the September stretch drive. The last thing they needed was to have one go down.
MAURESMO CAUTIOUS OVER COMEBACK Amelie Mauresmo is set to adopt a low-risk strategy as she returns to fitness following a thigh injury. The Frenchwoman became world number one for the first time in September but did not hold the position 
Surfers Paradise: Shootout Pirtek Racing #39;s Marcos Ambrose won a fiery first race of the Gillette V8 Supercar Challenge at this year #39;s Lexmark Indy 300, clashing heavily with Kmart Racing #39;s young gun Rick Kelly both during and after the race on the Gold Coast today.
Koskie good fit for Jays TORONTO -- Some of his former teammates said he didn #39;t want to come. People close to the negotiations were doubtful he would come.
Apology due for this sorry performance There may have been gloomier, more depressing, and costlier days for a Boston College athletic team in the past 40 years, but I can't think of one.
Let the games begin We are down to seven unbeaten teams with Bowl Championship Series title game aspirations. Idealistically, all but Boise State have a chance at getting to the Orange Bowl.
Mercyhurst knows drill Mercyhurst coach Rick Gotkin believes in Atlantic Hockey. Four years ago when the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference was born, Mercyhurst was simply the cream of the crop.
Eagles Win Again Jason Thomas matches a career-high with 26 points and American wins its fifth straight by beating visiting Ohio, 64-55, Saturday at Bender Arena.
Diamondbacks Face Tumultuous Offseason (AP) AP - A season that went from bad to historically awful is mercifully over, and the Arizona Diamondbacks are facing an offseason that will determine the team's course toward respectability.
Mavs' Nowitzki Out With Sprained Ankle (AP) AP - Dirk Nowitzki missed the Dallas Mavericks' game against Minnesota on Monday night and likely will miss three or four more because of a sprained ankle, adding the team's best player to an already lengthy list of hobbling players.
Earthquakes Tie Burn to Clinch Playoffs (AP) AP - The San Jose Earthquakes clinched the final playoff spot in the Western Conference by tying the Dallas Burn 2-2 on Saturday night in the season finale for both teams.
WIZARDSINSIDER  WHO'S NEXT? &lt;br&gt;at Lakers&lt;br&gt;Friday, 10:30 p.m.&lt;br&gt;Comcast SportsNet
Hearing Will Be Long Supporters and detractors of a plan to bring baseball to the District are lining up to make their case before the D.C. Council.
Wistrom bottles up Buccaneers TAMPA, Fla. -- A half hour after helping the Seahawks hold onto a 10-6 victory over Tampa Bay yesterday, defensive end Grant Wistrom sat at his locker half-dressed, constantly swatting a steady drip of sweat 
Baseball in Washington in jeopardy (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Washington's new baseball team shut down business and promotional operations indefinitely Wednesday as its move to the nation's capital teetered on the brink of collapse. The decision by major league baseball followed the D.C. Council's decision Tuesday to require private financing for at least half the cost of building a new stadium.
There was no stopping Goings CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Nick Goings revived the Carolina Panthers' running game -- for a half, anyway.
 #39;Satisfying to get runs in tough conditions #39; - Martyn Damien Martyn notched up his second century in as many Tests in an astonishing day that saw Australia score 362 and lose wickets. His innings was typically classy, and liberally dotted with exquisite shots off both spinners and quicker bowlers.
Liverpool set for flurry of transfers Rafael Benitez could continue the flurry of activity at Anfield before the transfer window closes at the end of the month. 
Tapit Heads Field Maryland-based Tapit, the Wood Memorial winner in April, is the 2-1 morning line favorite for Monday's \$750,000 Pennsylvania Derby.
Vaughan lauds mighty Flintoff Michael Vaughan refused to let his own dismal run with the bat take the sheen off England #39;s emphatic victories in the NatWest Challenge against India.
Indiana hires Army #39;s Rick Greenspan as new athletic director Army #39;s Rick Greenspan was named athletic director at Indiana University on Thursday, the school #39;s fourth AD in little more than three years.
Magic send Shaq message, 109-103 When the NBA preseason mercifully came to a conclusion Wednesday night for the Orlando Magic, fiery point guard Steve Francis had a pointed message for the rival Miami Heat: The Magic 
Penn streak alive, well Freshman Derek Zoch kicked a 27-yard field goal with 2:54 remaining to give visiting Penn a 16-15 victory over Princeton yesterday for its 20th straight Ivy League win.
With Vlad back, Angels look to gain ground ANAHEIM, California - The Anaheim Angels hope to gain more ground in the playoff chase when they host the Seattle Mariners in the second game of their three-game set.
Skins #39; house of horrors The Ravens get three points from their offense but still win, thanks to the Redskins #39; problems on offense and special teams. LANDOVER MD.
Legendary NHL coach Reay passes away Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - William T.  quot;Billy quot; Reay, the winningest coach in the history of the Chicago Blackhawks, passed away on Thursday afternoon in Madison, Wisconsin.
Barea sparks Huskies Northeastern and Binghamton were locked in a back-and-forth struggle before Jose Juan Barea took charge. The junior guard scored 15 of his game-high 28 points in the final five minutes to lead the Huskies to a 75-68 victory at Solomon Court yesterday.
Sunday, September 26, 2004 Calling On Plummer On a day when the Denver Broncos honored the greatest quarterback in franchise history - John Elway received his ring from the Pro Football Hall of Fame during a halftime ceremony -he 
UPDATE 1-Van der Vaart stripped of Ajax captaincy Dutch international Rafael van der Vaart was stripped of the Ajax Amsterdam captaincy on Thursday after he refused to play out of position in the Champions League game against Bayern Munich.
Well wishes, fresh plans from George George Steinbrenner, fresh off three days of meetings with his executives as the Yankees plot how to retool for 2005, threw a bouquet at the Red Sox yesterday, congratulating Boston and its ownership group for winning the World Series.
NL Wrap: Rallying Reds Make Braves Wait for East Title Javier Valentin smacked a three-run homer in a five-run ninth inning off John Smoltz to carry the rallying Cincinnati Reds to an 11-8 victory over the Atlanta Braves in the National League Wednesday.
Kuznetsova struggles to advance to quarters in China Open US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova overcame a strong effort by Chinese qualifier Li Na and an opposing crowd to reach the quarterfinals of the China Open with a 6-3, 6-7 (6-8), 7-6 (7-3) victory on Thursday.
Four-in-row to Davenport AMERICAN Lindsay Davenport won her fourth consecutive title of the year today, beating second seed Vera Zvonareva 6-3 6-2 in the final of the Cincinnati Open.
Souness gets one-match ban for improper conduct Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness has received a one-match touchline ban for imporper conduct, the Football Association (FA) said on Monday.
Pro tours: The stops and the talk LPGA Event: John Q. Hammons Hotel Classic Site: Cedar Ridge Country Club (6,545 yards, par 71), Broken Arrow, Okla. Schedule: Tomorrow-Sunday. Purse: \$1 million. Winner's share: \$150,000. Television: The Golf Channel (tomorrow, 4:30-7 p.m.; Saturday-Sunday, 4:30-7 p.m.). Last year: Karrie Webb won her lone 2003 title, a nine-stroke victory on the Tulsa Country Club course. Last week: Cristie Kerr won ...
Newman Wins at Dover Ryan Newman resuscitates his fragile title hopes by winning the MBNA America 400 on another day of dizzying scoreboard watching.
UPDATE 1-Barcelona fight back to beat Deportivo 2-1 Unbeaten Barcelona continued their imperious progress in the Primera Liga when they came from a goal down to beat Deportivo Coruna 2-1 at the Nou Camp on Saturday.
Olympics: New Doping Scandal, Judging Scandals at Games Japan #39;s Mizuki Nogushi won the first Olympic marathon raced from the historic site in 108 years on Sunday, but for Britain the race turned into heartbreak as its top runner quit in tears.
Texas Quickly Fading From BCS Picture (AP) AP - The Texas Longhorns might want to forget about the Bowl Championship Series. It looks like the BCS has all but forgotten them.
Giants Safety to Have Knee Surgery (AP) AP - New York Giants safety Shaun Williams will have surgery on his left knee Monday to repair damaged cartilage.
By homing in, Arroyo gets the fans' support Wondering just how much it meant to Bronson Arroyo when a standing ovation from a soldout Fenway Park punctuated his winning effort last night? Perhaps, more than you can imagine.
Phil Jackson details clashes with Kobe Bryant Phil Jackson called his relationship with Kobe Bryant at times a  quot;psychological war quot; and sought to trade his star guard in January, according to a diary of the former Lakers coach.
KU, OU to play in KC in  #39;05 For more than a month it has been public knowledge that Kansas was considering moving next season #39;s home football game against Oklahoma to Kansas City #39;s Arrowhead Stadium.
NHL veteran Sergei Zholtok collapses and dies at end of hockey &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - Veteran NHL player Sergei Zholtok died Wednesday of an apparent heart ailment. He was 31. Zholtok was playing hockey fsor the club team in his home city of Riga, the Latvian capital, when he became ill near the end of a game.
Agassi advances Andre Agassi advanced to the quarter-finals of the Stockholm Open with a comfortable 6-3 6-4 victory over 1997 champion Jonas Bjorkman of Sweden.
SI.com ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- Matt Morris tossed his second shutout of the season and Reggie Sanders homered and drove in two runs as the St.
Canada Sets Tone in World Cup Victory Over U.S. The North American rivalry picked up at the same elite level it reached when Canada beat the United States for the gold medal in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
QB Tate to Lead Injured Hawkeyes Vs. PSU (AP) AP - No. 25 Iowa is having a hard time keeping its tailbacks healthy.
AC Milan gains momentum Rome, Italy (Sports Network) - AC Milan won 1-0 at Cagliari Sunday as a crucial week lies ahead for the Italian giants. Milan rested many of its regulars including Jaap Stam and Hernan Crespo because of a 
BCS Maintains Its Imperfect World Shakedown Saturday came and went. Nothing changed. So the Bowl Championship Series has its annual nightmare. When the final BCS standings are released today, the USC Trojans (12-0) and Oklahoma Sooners (12-0) are expected to be matched in the Jan.
A Key Year for Willingham, Notre Dame (AP) AP - Will Tyrone Willingham be the next Ara Parseghian or the next Bob Davie?
Dementieva Beats Bovina in France (AP) AP - Top-seeded Elena Dementieva won the last five games to come back and beat Elena Bovina 0-6, 6-0, 6-4 Sunday in the WTA Tour's latest all-Russian final to win the Gaz de France Stars tournament.
No. 6 Syracuse Crushes N. Colo. 104-54 (AP) AP - Hakim Warrick had 19 points, 10 rebounds and five assists to lead No. 6 Syracuse to a 104-54 victory over Northern Colorado on Thursday night in the first round of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic.
Europeans dominate morning Ryder Cup matches Bloomfield Hills, MI (Sports Network) - Colin Montgomerie teamed with Padraig Harrington Friday morning to defeat Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson 2  amp; 1 to the lead European squad to a 3 1/2 - 1/2 lead after the morning fourball matches at the 35th Ryder Cup 
Arsenal back on track with new  #39;keeper LONDON -- Arsenal won for the first time in five matches yesterday, getting two goals from Thierry Henry to beat Birmingham 3-0, while Chelsea and Manchester United also earned comfortable wins in the English Premier League.
NHL player reps to meet in Toronto Player representatives will gather Tuesday in Toronto for an update on the NHL #39;s nearly seven-week-old lockout. The meeting will be spiced by recent comments by a handful of players, notably the Calgary Flames 
Celtics rolling uphill SACRAMENTO -- In a season with very few certainties, Celtics coach Doc Rivers knew he could count on two things in the upcoming weeks.
Cowboys #39; defense drops the ball No one had to remind Dallas and Minnesota about how little Sunday #39;s opener at the Metrodome means over the course of a full season.
Tigers trail Sooners by just four points McLEAN, Va. -- Auburn picked up two more first-place votes but remained third in the latest ESPN/USA Today coaches #39; poll, released Sunday.
Cowboys RB Jones out with broken shoulder IRVING, Texas - The first NFL game for Dallas Cowboys rookie running back Julius Jones will also be his last for quite a while. Jones broke his left shoulder blade during a 19-12 victory over Cleveland on Sunday.
US team wins Tommy Bahama Challenge in playoff Americans Hank Kuehne, Chad Campbell, Zach Johnson and Chris Riley beat a foursome of international players on the first playoff hole Tuesday in the inaugural Tommy Bahama Challenge.
NEW SCHOOL Baylor #39;s Wariner leads US sweep in 400 Athens -- In winning the gold medal in the 400 meters and leading the United States to its first sweep in an Olympic track and field event since 1988, Jeremy Wariner did something else of great significance.
